TOUR CHARLOTTE GROENEVELD’S CHILDRENS BEDROOMS IN THEIR NEW 
YORK CITY UES APARTMENT 
 
Welcome back! It’s been FOREVER since we were here on Thefashionguitar together, but 
I’m so excited that we are, and even more to share our first “Home story”, created in 
partnership with Maisonette. 
After moving into our new apartment in our favorite neighborhood on the UES, October last 
year, our first job was to get both childrens bedrooms ready. We’ve moved many times, 
within London, from London to New York City, and within New York City, but we’ve always 
made it a case to – no matter how the rest of the apartment looks – to finish the children’s 
bedrooms first! Although, this is actually the first time they are in their own room, until this 
apartment they’ve always shared a bedroom. 
 
 
 
Until this apartment, James and Stella shared their bedroom and they loved it. We loved it, 
too, because we believed the companionship actually helped them feeling comfortable and 
secure when going to bed. They rarely woke up at night, or had trouble falling asleep – and I 
don’t necessarily think this is because of any sleep training magic, because we never did any 
in particular other than having a solid bedtime routine, which we vigorously sticked to. At 
all times. 
Then there’s also an age-factor that played part in the decision to keep them together, 
rather than separating them. I mean, don’t get me wrong, I have nothing against separate 
rooms, I just have more Pro’s than Con’s, and in the end of the day, it worked for us… But 
this doesn’t mean it’s a formula for guaranteed success. Anyway, where I’m going with this, 
is that what I mentioned before, about James and Stella being secure and comfortable 
together and the the age-factor, is simply that we feel that when they we’re younger, they 
had stronger emotional needs to “support” each other. Now, James being almost 10 and 
Stella turning 8 in a few weeks, we noticed their emotional needs around bedtime, or at 
night, are different. James needs his own space, his own moments before bed, and even dare 
I say, some sort of privacy. Or call it personal space. Stella is definitely not 100% there yet, 
emotionally. She asks us frequently if she can sleep with James, or James with her, but sadly 
for Stella, James refuses more often than that he says yes. Stella therefore, we think, asked 
us if the new baby – arriving end of October if all goes well – can stay in her room. We 
obviously said yes to that, but explained that he will first be in our room, until he’s sleeping 
through the night. She agreed. We all agreed. And we went back to implementing a solid 
bedtimes routine for both of them, in separate rooms – god is this a challenge, after their 
summer break! But a week in, a week of waking up early for school, we feel we are getting 
there… now we have to just stick to it! 
But sorry, I know you didn’t come here for parenting advice – nor do I want this platform to 
be the focus of that – but for children’s bedrooms ideas, so let’s get to it! 
 
 
For both rooms one thing was very clear from the start; I wanted a design infused feeling, 
but with modern basis. Primal colors were a must, too, that I knew ever since I saw the Kelly 
Green bed on Maisonette – which ended up in James’ room. Stella always wanted a bunk 
bed, and with her room being more rectangle shaped than the squared room James was 
going to sleep in, it felt like the perfect fit. Plus, they now both had also space for a guest – 
when sleepovers are back on the menu again. Oeuf is a favorite furniture brand in our 
household, and with the Oeuf desk that moved from the old apartment to this in, it was an 
easy choice to go for a bunkbed from this brand. 
Accessories around the bed we kept simple, but in line with the color palette of the room 
and the style we were vibe we were trying to achieve. For James this meant a more 
grownup atmosphere in Kelly green and Cook’s blue – by Farrow & Ball – and darker 
wooden undertones, for Stella bright and happy mixing boldly tones of red and pink, and a 
beautiful wallpaper by Work + Sea. 
 
Desk pace is more important than ever! Where before the pandemic the kids would do most 
of their schoolwork at the dining table, homeschooling brought the importance of their own 
“work space” to be free to do Zoom classes and virtual playdates. Also a place to relax – 
preferably with a rocking chair if you ask Stella – became an important part of their room. 
It’s like their room became mini-apartments so that when we are at home with the four – 
soon five – of us, we don’t have to constantly sit, work, or read on top of each other. The 
pandemic definitely made it very clear we all are at some points during the day in need of 
our “own space” and with a bedroom that offers a little bit of everything, we served the kids 
the best we could! 
 
Thank you Maisonette to making our children’s bedroom dream become reality. For the 
wonderful team that came over to photograph and film – stay tuned for this one – the old 
and the new! 
All products featured on Thefashionguitar are independently selected by me. However, 
when you buy something through the retail links, I may earn an affiliate commission.  
 
 
 
. 
Email Address 
YES PLEASE! 
 
 
 
Email address: 
 
MODA OPERANDI: THE PLATFORM WHERE YOU WILL DISCOVER FASHION 
 
I want to start with the following – before diving into the world of “Fashion Discovery” 
because Moda Operandi is, after all, the platform for Fashion Discovery – Moda Operandi is 
the only online platform that offers straight off the runway pre-ordering. This means that 
we as customers can make sure to actually get our hands on the most-wanted, most-
coveted, and ultra-trendy pieces that everyone wants to wear next season. This is an 
extremely smart and exciting way to shop, but of course, you’ll need to be confident about 
what’s going to be “hot” next season, and above all, you’ll need to have the patience for it to 
arrive, because it’s not a next-day delivery situation. Your next season’s person will get to 
you, but only just before the new collections hit the stores… 
 
The way to be ahead of the pack, and order next season’s best pieces, is through Moda 
Operandi’s many “Trunkshows”. These trunk shows arrive pretty much right after the new 
collections hit the runway, or when their new season lookbooks come out – this is usually 
for the brands who don’t show at fashion week. 
On top of being able to pre-order the latest collections – something that clearly sets Moda 
Operandi apart from most other online retailers – is the incredible curation of designers, 
and buy. You will find pieces on Moda Operandi that other online retailers aren’t offering, 
and they will bring you the most promising and loved new and upcoming designers of the 
moment.  
A good example of a designer I already knew and loved – and was able to pre-order straight 
off the runway – and a designer that I didn’t know existed, yet fell in love with right when I 
saw their new lookbook are Alessandra Rich and Michael Lo Sordo.  
Alessandra Rich is a long time favorite of mine; the combination of classic designers, but 
with a little twist – naughty but nice – have always appealed to me, and she does amazing 
evening wear, as well as knits and accessories. Below a little selection of some if the best 
looks of her Spring-Summer 2020 collection. 
 
 
 
 
 
Michael Lo Sordo is a designer from Australia I discovered on Moda Operandi, mainly 
because his Spring-Summer 2020 looked so beautiful. A collection of super sophisticated 
and feminine pieces, in a earthy tone palette, simple or some with a little funny accent. See 
below some of his best looks, and you will understand what I mean! 
 
 
 
 
A list of designers that received raving reviews on their Spring-Summer 2020 collections, 
are available for Pre-Order right now, AND are some of my favorites are, but not limited to: 
Hunting Season and Giambattista Valli. And some of the best under $500 are I think 
Christopher Esber and Rokh. And last but not least, and influencer collaboration everyone 
loves: Gia x Pernille Teisbaek. 
However, those of us who aren’t a 100% sure about what will be “IT” next season, and want 
to shop what is most-loved right now, those are able to shop the extremely well curated list 
of designers on Moda Operandi. Enjoy! 
 
. 
Email Address 
YES PLEASE! 
 
 
 
Email address: 
 
BEAUTIFUL FALL 
Tommy and I go way back. Back to some of my first fashion memories. I remember I 
received a Tommy piece when I was pregnant with James 7 years ago and thinking it was 
one of the first designer pieces he will ever own! 
 
It’s quite special if you think about it, how brands are weaved into our lives. To me that 
means quality, and that’s what I value as much as a good design. 
Tommy Hilfiger is a go-to for those reasons; I know what I get when I buy a Tommy coat or 
pair of trousers. I get a product that will almost outlive me – especially when you take good 
care of it. 
I buy timeless and classic pieces from the brand because I think that’s what they are best 
known for; however, I’ve been introduced to their Hilfiger Collection line through this 
partnership, and I must admit that this put them in a whole different perspective for me. 
The look I’m wearing in this post, is the absolute everyday sophisticated look I – and you – 
need in ours wardrobes. It will be perfect for a work meeting, but I can do a school run in it 
too. Needless to say, the colours are beyond. To me, there is nothing more chic than camel 
and cream tones for the fall-winter season. In addition to the colors, the richness of the 
fabric elevates this look to be unbelievably chic! 
I loved an oversized knit, so I chose to go a size up, but you can go for your normal size if 
you prefer to have it less chunky. The trousers are on the long side for me, but what’s a 
tailor-run these days? No biggie! 
Proved to be the perfect fall-winter look, I can recommend to take a peek at their new 
collection, I am sure it won’t disappoint! 
I’m wearing: Hilfiger Collection knit / Hilfiger Collection pants (get short version here) / 
KHAITE bag / Celine sunglasses / Bottega Veneta sneakers. 
This post was sponsored by Nordstrom & Rewardstyle, photography by Youn Jung Kim 
 
 
. 
Email Address 
YES PLEASE! 
 
 
 
Email address: 
 
AN AMAZON FASHION LOVE STORY… WHO KNEW! 
In a world of online shopping, endless love for the latest, but a deep desire for comfort, too, I 
find a gem. Not really hidden to be honest, because it’s been there for a while, yet I never 
considered it to be my “fashion destination”, until I did… 
 
Amazon has been my emergency line, my home appliances heaven, my final shopping 
destination. Sounds rather dramatic, I know, but when you have a newborn you find 
yourself in need of many things, one the most ungodly hours of the day. 
I never shied away from a PRIME order in the middle of the night, even if it were for a box of 
diapers during fashion week, because I knew I wouldn’t be able to get them at the 
supermarket while running around during back to back shows… Yet, I didn’t realize until a 
little while back, that Amazon Fashion was going to be my new obsession. With many 
contemporary brands being available within three clicks and with PRIME delivery – aka 
next day, or even SAME day on some occasions – it was obviously only a matter of time 
before we would enter a true love affair. 
Not to sound ridiculous, but it is really a love story: for the longest time, and still do, I 
dreaded the idea of finding time to go shopping. I truly don’t find joy in going to a store, on 
my day off, where it is – as it always proves to be in NYC – mega packed. I’m a person who 
needs to shop in their own space, without a store manager hovering behind me asking me – 
of course with the best intentions – if I need anything. I’m a big girl, I will ask you if I need 
something, thank you. 
I’m wearing a Ralph Lauren shirt & Nike shorts, both from Amazon Fashion. 
I don’t mean this to sound rude, and I know they are just doing their job, but the truth is, it 
takes away from the shopping experience for me. I like peace and quiet, and above all 
convenience. Which is basically exactly what I get when I get my wardrobe staples from 
Amazon Fashion. Who knew!  
Speaking of wardrobe staples, this summer I stocked up on white tees and tank tops – see 
one I’m wearing in this post. They are the perfect transitional pieces to use when its 
beginning to get cold in NYC. Just layer a knit over your shoulders or a classic denim jacket 
with an all-white look.  
I was also able to get some great poplin shirts from Ralph Lauren, too. I used to grab 
Thomas’ but now I created my own little section in my wardrobe, just oversized poplins 
from the all American heritage brand. Another thing that is literally the best deal is 
athleisure wear. I’m not saying workout clothes, because truth is, I don’t really work out in 
them, I wear them just on regular moments of the day. Here combined with heels and my 
latest poplin love of orange for the warmer fall days and with trousers and a knit for cooler 
days.  
What I’m trying to say is that we have to rethink our shopping strategy, broaden our 
horizon, and look beyond what we know. I mean, who knew Amazon would be your next 
fashion destination? 
I’m wearing a pair of Mara Hoffman linen trousers, white basic tank top, and Birkenstock 
slides! 
This post was sponsored by Amazon Fashion, photography by Youn Jung Kim 
 
. 
Email Address 
YES PLEASE! 
 
 
 
Email address: 
 
HOW KHAITE CONVERTED ME TO A MORE MINIMAL WAY OF DRESSING… 
When KHAITE launched in 2016, it immediately grew on me and became one of my favorite 
brands. With their dreamy dresses and tulle tops, it was just in line with my forever 
obsession over the “runaway-bride” look – aka pretty dresses and sneakers. However, with 
its core of reimagining of American sportswear, it didn’t come as a surprise that their denim 
and cashmere sweaters turned out to be a dream, too. Designed in New York City and made 
in Los Angeles, KHAITE Jeans are the ultimate effortless piece in my everyday dressing. I 
mean, I’ve mentioned it many times before; I do absolutely want to pick up my kids in a 
little couture gown and a pair of sneakers, but in reality, that will not happen for a VERY 
long time, if ever. LOL. So yes, in my day-to-day dressing, a good pair of jeans is a must, and 
right now, KHAITE serves my denim needs in the best way possible. 
Today, I’m wearing The Kyle Jean in Tucson; a style that looks and feels like I borrowed it 
from the boys – something I love so much anyways – and combines perfectly with any 
feminine top or pair of shoes. In my case I did both with their new fall/winter Ankle Boot in 
Black Leather, and their Lucie Top in Black.  
I would totally wear it with a white shirt tucked in, one of their tulle tops in nude, or just a 
light cashmere knit when fall hits and the nights are a little more crisp again. It just feels so 
effortless, and comfortable, without losing on style or sophistication.  
It’s not often I dress this minimal, let alone show it to you, because I feel – and always tell 
people – “I don’t get away with it”, it doesn’t spark on me as much as on some women, who 
really just look so effortless and chic this minimal. However, I think I got converted to the 
church of KHAITE now, and will be living on the more minimal side of looks throughout the 
week. NOT to worry though, I’m not ever going to let go of my tulle obsession, nor will any 
pair of sneakers every leave my closet. But as I said, KHAITE has it all girls: The ultimate 
wardrobe staples, but not with any less “sparks”. 
This post is sponsored by KHAITE and ShopStyle. 
 
. 
Email Address 
YES PLEASE! 
 
 
 
Email address: 
 
WHAT TO WEAR AT NEW YORK FASHION WEEK 
 
As always there’re many trends surfacing right before Fashion Month kicks off, and these 
trends determine more or less the whole street style landscape. For some this might feel 
like a repetition of styles and looks, and even specific pieces that get just a little too much 
attention. Some of which we never thought it would stand a chance – the “Ugly sneaker” 
trend for example – and yet, they are beloved by almost everyone right now. 
Less in the spotlights right now, simply because it’s still summer and temperatures aren’t 
going anywhere cold yet, are statement knits. Needless to say, in fashion we are always a 
little ahead of time, so right now I’m doing my research on the best Fall/Winter 2019 knits, 
and I have partnered up with Veronica Beard, a brand close to my heart, to style three of 
their best ones… 
But, since New York Fashion Week is upon us, and all you want is to know what to wear, we 
combined the two and created three amazing fashion week looks, which will absolutely be 
street style worthy, and afterwards, the perfect addition to your fall wardrobe! 
 
As you know, I’m the girl who wears dresses with boots, or sneakers. High heels I adore, but 
I like those with my favorite pair of boyfriend jeans, not with a dress. I’m obviously not 
saying dresses and heels don’t work, but this is a personal style thing, something that makes 
me unique. Same for layering knitwear with dresses and skirts. I’m always loved it, and 
probably will forever be one of my go-to’s when I’m not sure what to wear. 
For this collaboration I worked with three knits that are very understated, yet in detail they 
are absolutely making a statement: The first has a “western” feel with the detail on the back. 
The zipper allows you to wear it more as a turtle neck and with your hair tucked in, or when 
open, it’s possible to show of your favorite stacked necklaces. Because the knit has a close fit 
on the bottom, I thought it would be quite cool to layer it on top of the maxi-dress, which is 
fitted around the hips as well, which makes the two go super well together, creating a 
beautiful silhouette. Yet, it would become to feminine with a flat or heel, so a cool pair of 
Western boots – keep it a bit in this “Saloon” style – was the absolute must here… 
 
 
 
 
For my second look I’m wearing one of my favorite dresses for Fall. The colour is perfect – 
you know I’m not afraid to wear pink – and the fit super complimenting. It’s a bit tricky with 
a cab-ride, yet I’m personally not bothered with there’s a little wrinkle in it afterwards. To 
keep the “cool-girl” vibe and don’t make it too “sweet” I styled it with a pair of those ugly 
sneakers and sporty sunglasses. They’re not really helping with the sun, but the look cool. 
Especially with the second knit I selected, which has a strong shoulder and a turtle neck, 
and therefore automatically gives some attitude to the whole look. Exactly how I think a 
“sweet” dress like this should be worn: With some attitude! 
 
 
 
 
Lastly an ivory sleeveless turtle neck. This was, I have to admit, a challenge, because I am 
not loving my arms and therefore often opt for something that is covering at least the upper 
part of them. Yet, when I saw this little corduroy dress, I knew I had to go for the edgy- girl 
style. Imagine if I would go all the way cute in a little dress like this, you would probably 
mistake me for a school girl LOL! Not what I’m after. As with the first two looks, I like an 
element of surprise, that shakes the whole look up a little, and I think I’ve accomplished that 
with the hiking boots. I feel this is a great runway look, just add a cute beanie and some 
retro shades, and you’re good to hit the fashion week streets! 
 
 
 
 
Look 1: Veronica Beard dress and knit, Balenciaga bag, vintage boots, Celine sunglasses. 
Look 2: Veronica Beard dress and knit, New Balance sneakers, Shrimps bag, Westward 
Leaning sunglasses. 
Look 3: Veronica Beard dress and turtleneck, Gucci boots, Chloe bag. 
 
Leave me your email address and you will always be the first one to know when a new post 
goes live! 
Email Address 
YES PLEASE! 
 
 
 
Email address: 
 
BEST LOOKS OF THE BONPOINT SPRING-SUMMER 2019 SHOW 
 
I’m obviously biased when it comes to my review of the Bonpoint collection, as my kids 
have been walking their show AND we are working together for some time now, but still, 
with the eye of a fashion enthusiast, I’m going to try to tell you about my favorite parts of 
the Bonpoint Spring-Summer 2019 show, and show you the best look worn by the cutest 
kids, and my James and Stella! 
 
With Stella almost turning 5 – and with that her growing personality and ideas on fashion – 
it’s getting harder to get them in the looks that I want her in. That’s okay. She needs that 
space to explore and become who she is. We usually negotiate on who can pick the top, and 
then the other person picks the bottom, and so on. I think to a certain extent it’s okay to 
negotiate with your kids, just for the sake of peace and quiet. We all live busy lives, have 
busy jobs, and want to be at least a little representable when going on date night – plus I like 
to hold off on the Botox for a little longer – so we negotiate. Don’t confuse this with bribing! 
This I’m completely against, and sadly see this happening around me a lot. Of course I’ve 
done it, and I might do it again, but trust me; those bribes were only to get that smoothie 
down, or take a bite of their broccoli. But It didn’t help, tears all over, never doing that again. 
Anyway, so my point is, it’s hard to get Stella into anything I like her to wear – especially 
dresses – yet when she walks the Bonpoint show she’s all in. She wants to wear it all, show 
it all, makes 500 more rounds during the finale and is telling me afterwards how much she 
loves it… Right! I cherish this moment, and soak up this cute little naughty face wearing the 
CUTEST dresses on the planet, because let’s be honest, nobody does dresses better than 
Bonpoint… 
 
Other pieces from the collection that really caught my eye, mostly because they kind of 
remind me of pieces I have, or are in a current collection that I want to have… For example, 
if you look at the first image, do you see the girl’s sandals, both Stella’s and the girl she’s 
walking with? Aren’t they reminding you of those Chanel ones I showed on my instastories 
the other week? Exactly! And those I want so badly… you have no idea! So, you can imagine, 
I’ve been envying these little feet for a while now, while waiting for my size of the Chanel’s 
to get in! Also what really stood out for me, were the bags little plaid shoppers and the 
woven ones, the visors – very Dior for kids – and the perfect denim pieces! All the denim 
pants and jackets are like how I want to wear them, and the dress over jeans look – which 
Stella will love, since she’s more into jeans than dresses as I mentioned – is perfect! 
Needless to say, there are a thousand little details that I loved, and you see a lot of it in the 
“Backstage at the Bonpoint Spring-Summer 2019 show” post I shared earlier… the hair of 
the little girls, with the ribbon in their braids, or the colours and patterns inspired by 
cultures from around the wold. It truly feels like a very easy to wear, approachable and 
eclectic line of summer wear, which we secretly would love in our own wardrobes! Scroll 
down and see for yourself… and don’t forget to tell me at the end what you loved the most! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
See the full Bonpoint Spring-Summer 2019 show here, or visit their website! 
Photos by Hana Le Van for Thefashionguitar.com 
 
Leave me your email address and you will always be the first one to know when a new post 
goes live! 
Email Address 
YES PLEASE! 
 
 
 
Email address: 
 
BACKSTAGE AT THE BONPOINT SPRING-SUMMER 2019 SHOW 
 
Two days ago I asked you on my instastories “what do you want to know about our 
experience with James and Stella walking the Bonpoint Spring-Summer 2019 show, and our 
family trip to Paris?” and obviously most of you are interested in how it goes behind the 
scenes at a kids show, and of course, our recommendations for a family trip to Paris. 
Starting with the latter; going to Paris with two little kids isn’t really that different from 
going to Paris as a couple. There are little implications, like you’re not going to have dinner 
past midnight, or drink wine in that little romantic Parisian bistro – well, maybe one glass – 
and I could argue renting an apartment instead of staying at a hotel, but considering our 
experience is that the French don’t mind – well behaved – kids in their restaurants or hotels, 
you can pretty much go wherever you used to go. French couples we know, with kids, didn’t 
completely change their lives either, after they have little ones. They just make sure their 
kids have the proper manners to be in a “grown up” environment, which I believe a lot of 
kids are lacking in New York City. Not really any offense to New Yorkers and their kids, or 
NYC restaurants, but I do find that when you live for example on the Upper West, there’s 
definitely certain places most parents go for dinner with their kids, because it’s a kid-
friendly place. Yet, it’s not a necessarily a place where you want to go as a grown up. 
Anyway, my point is, just make sure they are raised with good table manners – bring an 
iPad if you want to drink that last glass of wine – and you are fine anywhere in Paris/France. 
To my French readers: Please correct me if I’m wrong! I would love to hear your thoughts 
on this! Now back to the part where you want to know more about the “Backstage with 
Bonpoint” because that’s definitely THE MOST ASKED question… If you want to get tips on 
places to go with kids, leave a comment below! 
 
Being backstage at the Bonpoint Spring-Summer 2019 show is not that much different from 
any other backstage experience I have; it’s bustling, it’s warm, and people run around, all on 
their way to do “something important”. Yet, it’s completely different from any of my 
backstage experience – Victoria Secret show, Fenty by Rhianna, Valentino, name it and they 
are all the same – in the sense that at Bonpoint everyone smiles! There’s a very happy 
atmosphere, and everyone is well taken care of. Of course! No parent would just leave their 
kid backstage for a show if they didn’t know it would be perfect. No stranger can come near 
my little ones, nor would I EVER let them anywhere where I wasn’t sure they would be 
okay. And again – I’ve said this many times before – James and Stella are free, and definitely 
vocal enough, to say if they don’t want to walk the show. We, as parents, are not in this for 
any monetary reason – for those who asked if they earn money with walking the show: they 
are not earning tons, and whatever they earn goes into their trust account. We are letting 
them walk the show, because we love the brand, and we’ve built an amazing relationship 
with the wonderful people in the New York office. Plus, we are huge fans of Christine 
Innamorato, the Creative Director of Bonpoint. And the love is both ways, so therefore they 
love to see James and Stella come back every season. 
Another question I got from some of you is how we got involved with the brand. Well, that’s 
pretty straight forward. The nature of my job has always been around (personal) styling, 
creating creative content for luxury brands, and brand consulting. So when Bonpoint 
reached out a few years back, when we just moved to Toronto actually, and asked if we 
were interested in attending the show during Haute Couture, we loved the idea! We would 
be there as a guest of the brand, and the kids would be dressed in the latest collection. 
James and Stella didn’t walk the show the first time, but we did create beautiful content for 
them on Social media. Yet, after the first show, when James and Stella were actually very 
disappoint they were not walking the show themselves, they asked us if we would be open 
to that. We thought about this well, talked about it with the kids, and decided it would be a 
wonderful experience. The foundation for our love for the brand is the true craftsmanship 
and the quality of the clothes. Needless to say, Bonpoint is one of the most respected luxury 
brands in the world, so along the line of my personal brand – Thefashionguitar – this was 
the most logic collaboration if it were involving my kids. And so, over the past three years, 
we’ve built a beautiful, mutual beneficial relationship, in which we are all very happy! 
Then someone asked if the kids get hair and makeup. Yes they do. The makeup is obviously 
very minimal for the obvious reason: they are all kinds and don’t need anything anyway! 
Yet, the lights – and the heat in Paris in July – are not ideal for the runway photos, even with 
kids, so they use al little powder on their faces, and as you can see, a bruise here and there 
gets a bit of camouflage. But as you can see in the images, James has some scratches on his 
face, those were not at all covered with makeup. Other than that, they are completely au 
natural. Oh actually, James did joke about the lipstick he had to wear! Which turned out to 
be lip balm, duh, but he though it was hilarious! the kids’ hair on the other hand is a big 
thing, and definitely this season. Scroll down and see cutest braids with ribbons in Stella’s 
and the other girl’s hair. I’m obsessed, and 100% the need to try it myself… 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
What do they do backstage? Every kid has their own person, who stays with them a 100% of 
the time, unless the kids are physically on the runway. Then this person would be waiting 
for the kid to get off the runway, and get them safe and sound back to their backstage seat. 
This person makes sure they are alright, that they have something to drink and eat – and get 
lots of Haribo candy, heaven. They also get them dressed in their looks in time, with little to 
no stress. They give the little ones that secure feeling they need. As a parent you really have 
nothing to worry about, they are in good hands. However, in the case of an emergency, 
every parent who has a kid walking in the show is waiting in another area, so if they need 
you, you are near! Then, as you can see below too, the kids all have their own rack with their 
looks and props. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Last but not least… Is there also a lot of waiting? Yes, it still is a fashion show, and that 
means there’s also a lot of waiting. But with a lot I mean just a little really, because from the 
time you drop them off backstage until they show starts is about an hour and a half. So 
realistically it all goes quite fast. Yet, of course, they need to rehearse at least one time, and 
get them in hair and makeup, one by one. So there’s a little waiting involved. But, as 
mentioned before, there’s a good vibe, there’s candy, and enough mischief to have an 
amazing afternoon! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Photos by Hana Le Van for Thefashionguitar.com 
 
Leave me your email address and you will always be the first one to know when a new post 
goes live! 
Email Address 
YES PLEASE! 
 
 
 
Email address: 
 
WATCH THE BONPOINT SPRING-SUMMER 2019 SHOW 
For the fourth season in a row, I’m beyond excited to show you all the backstage and show 
photos of the Bonpoint children show, held in Paris during Haute Couture. However, I’m still 
way in deep editing everything, and making sure there’s a beautiful story lined up for you 
for this weekend. Until then, proud mother as I am, watch James and Stella walk the 
Bonpoint SS19 show! 
Inspired by the colors of the world; prints from Africa to India, and of course, the loveliest 
smiles you will every see on a runway… Enter the universe of the cutest kids in fashion with 
the Bonpoint SS19 show, and stay tuned for much more of the show and our days in Paris… 
 
 
Bonpoint Summer 2O19 Show from Bonpoint on Vimeo. 
Photo by Hana Le Van for Thefashionguitar.com 
 
Leave me your email address and you will always be the first one to know when a new post 
goes live! 
Email Address 
YES PLEASE! 
 
 
 
Email address: 
 
FROM NEW YORK TO PARIS WITH BONPOINT 
 
I only recently found out that besides the Upper East Side Bonpoint store – on 69th and 
Madison – and the one in Soho, there’s actually also one all the way uptown; on the corner 
of 96 and Madison. With its large windows and high ceilings, it instantly became my favorite 
store of the three. Nothing’s wrong with the other two stores, but somehow the natural light 
makes it so beautiful in there. Anyway, so when we visited the store a few weeks back, in 
preparation for the upcoming Bonpoint Fall-Winter 2019 show, we did a little store tour 
with Stella, and selected some of her favorites looks. You have to wait a few more days to 
find out what those are, because James and Stella will be wearing this all in Paris coming 
week, but here’s already a little sneak peek of what’s coming! 
And by the time you are reading this, we probably just landed in Paris, and getting ready for 
a few amazing days with the family there. I will be going to some of the most amazing Haute 
Couture shows, and of course, highlight of the week: James and Stella walking the Bonpoint 
show for the third time! We couldn’t be more excited and proud of them. Tag along on my 
Instagram, and make sure to read more so you can also see the lovely interior design of the 
uptown store, and some of my favorite moments with Stella and my mom – who was 
visiting us from The Netherlands the time we visited the store! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Everything Stella is wearing is available online and in-stores! 
 
Leave me your email address and you will always be the first one to know when a new post 
goes live! 
Email Address 
YES PLEASE! 
 
 
 
Email address: 
 
Tips and Tricks to Help You Slay Your Side Part Wig 
Achieving a flawless and stunning look with a side-part wig can be a game-changer for your 
overall style. Whether you’re new to wearing wigs or looking to enhance your side-part wig 
game, here are some tips and tricks to help you slay your side-part wig: 
How to Slay Your Side-Part Wig? 
 Find the Right Wig 
Select a high-quality side-part wig that matches your desired style and blends seamlessly 
with your natural hair color. Consider hair texture, length, and density to ensure a realistic 
and flattering look. 
Prep Your Natural Hair 
Before applying your side part wig, prepare your natural hair by braiding it or using a wig 
cap to ensure a smooth and secure foundation. Tuck away loose strands or flyaways to 
create a clean base for your wig. 
Customization is Key 
Customize your side part wig to make it look natural and tailored to your face shape. Pluck 
the hairline and parting area to create a more realistic appearance, and trim the wig to suit 
your desired length and style. Remember to proceed cautiously and gradually make minor 
adjustments to avoid over-plucking or cutting too much. 
Secure Your Wig 
To ensure a secure and comfortable fit, use wig clips, combs, or adhesive products 
specifically designed for wigs. Adjust the straps or hooks inside the wig to achieve a snug fit 
that stays in place throughout the day. 
Style with Confidence 
Experiment with different styling options to slay your side part wig. Use a flat iron or 
curling wand to add waves, curls, or sleekness to the hair. Create volume by teasing the 
roots or applying volumizing products. Play around with accessories such as headband 
wigs, scarves, or clips to personalize your look and elevate your style. 
Take Care of Your Wig 
Proper maintenance is essential for keeping your side part wig in top shape. Follow the 
manufacturer’s instructions for washing, conditioning, and styling your wig. Use products 
specifically formulated for wigs to maintain their texture and shine. Store your wig on a 
stand or in a cool, dry place to prevent tangling and damage. 
Confidence is Key 
Rock your side part wig with confidence and embrace your unique style. Remember that 
wearing a wig is an opportunity to express yourself and enhance your beauty. Own your 
look and strut confidently, knowing you’re slaying your side part wig. 
Can you change the part on a wig? 
The part on a wig typically refers to the section where the hair is divided. While some wigs 
have a fixed part, others offer the flexibility to change the parting. Here’s what you need to 
know about changing the part on a wig: 
Pre-Plucked or Freestyle Part 
Some wigs come with a pre-plucked or freestyle part, which means the hair is not sewn in a 
specific direction. With these wigs, you can change the part by brushing or combing the hair 
in the desired direction. It allows for versatility in styling and parting options. 
Adjustable Part 
Certain wigs have an adjustable part feature, allowing you to shift the parting to different 
positions. These wigs usually have a movable or detachable piece at the crown area that can 
be shifted to create a new part. It allows you to customize the parting according to your 
preference. 
Sewing or Gluing Method 
If you have a wig with a fixed part that you wish to change, it is possible to alter the parting 
by using sewing or gluing methods. It involves carefully lifting the existing part and 
repositioning the hair in the desired direction. However, this process requires precision and 
skill to ensure a natural-looking result. It is recommended to seek assistance from a 
professional wig stylist for this modification. 
Wig Cap Construction 
The construction of the wig cap can also affect the possibility of changing the part. Lace 
front wigs, for example, have a sheer lace material at the front that allows for a more 
realistic-looking part. These wigs offer greater flexibility in changing the parting than those 
with closed-cap construction. 
Can you cut the sides of a wig? 
Yes, cutting the sides of a wig to customize its style and fit is possible. Wig customization is 
standard among wig wearers to achieve a more tailored look that suits their preferences 
and facial features. Cutting the sides of a wig can help create a desired shape, enhance the 
wig’s overall appearance, and ensure a more natural and comfortable fit. 
Before cutting the sides of a wig, it’s crucial to consider its construction and determine if it 
is suitable for cutting. Some wigs, particularly those with wefts or tracks, may need help 
cutting the sides. Examining the wig’s structure and determining if it can withstand the 
cutting process without compromising its integrity is essential. 
Side Part Wig from Luvme Hair 
Side part wigs are popular among those looking to enhance their natural beauty and 
experiment with different hairstyles. Luvme Hair offers a wide range of side-part wigs 
known for their quality and versatility. Whether you’re new to wearing side part wigs or 
want to take your styling game to the next level with a Luvme Hair wig. Slaying your side 
part wig from Luvme Hair is all about selecting the right style, correctly applying the wig, 
customizing the hairline, and experimenting with different hairstyles. Additionally, taking 
good care of your wig and protecting your natural hair is crucial for maintaining a flawless 
look. 
 Conclusion 
With these tips and tricks, you can slay your side part wig and confidently showcase your 
style and personality. Experiment, have fun, and enjoy the versatility and beauty of your 
side part wig. 
Graceful and Glamorous: Styling Tips for Banarasi Sarees 
Sarees are an essential addition to the wardrobe of every Indian woman. These garments 
are known for their versatility, elegance, and the wide range of styles, fabrics, and designs 
they offer. Among the various types of sarees, the banarasi silk saree holds a cherished 
position in the hearts of Indian women. 
Whether you inherited one from your grandmother or purchased one for a special occasion, 
knowing how to style and carry it gracefully is essential. This article will explore some 
styling tips to help you make a stunning statement with your banarasi saree. 
Choosing the Right Accessories 
When styling your saree, the right accessories can make all the difference. The saree is a 
work of art, so selecting accessories that complement rather than overpower its beauty is 
essential. Here are a few suggestions: 
 Jewellery: Opt for traditional pieces like jhumkas, choker necklaces, or delicate gold chains 
with pendants. These timeless pieces add a touch of grandeur and enhance the overall look 
of the saree. 
Handbag: If you are wearing a banarasi silk saree for a wedding, pair it with a sleek clutch 
or a potli bag with intricate embroidery or embellishments. This adds a touch of glamour 
and helps you carry your essentials in style. 
Experimenting with Blouse Designs 
The blouse is an essential element that can elevate your overall look. Here are a few trendy 
blouse designs to consider: 
Off-shoulder blouse: An off-shoulder blouse with delicate embroidery or sequin work can 
give your saree a contemporary edge while maintaining its elegance. 
Backless blouse: A backless blouse with intricate detailing or a plunging back neckline can 
be a bold and glamorous choice for those who want to make a statement. 
Draping Techniques 
The draping style plays a significant role in the overall appearance of a saree. Here are a 
couple of draping styles to consider: 
Lehenga style: This drape is reminiscent of how lehengas are worn. It involves pleating the 
saree around the waist and tucking it in, allowing the pallu to flow freely over the shoulder. 
Butterfly style: The butterfly drape pleats the saree in a way resembling butterfly wings. 
This style accentuates the border and designs of the saree and is an excellent choice for 
showcasing the intricate work on a silk saree. 
Playing with Colors and Patterns 
Banarasi sarees are known for their vibrant colours and intricate patterns. Here are tips for 
choosing the right colours and patterns: 
 Occasion: Consider the event or occasion for which you wear the saree. Vibrant colours 
with bold patterns work well for festive events, while subtle colours with delicate motifs are 
suitable for formal occasions. 
Skin tone: While selecting colours, take your skin tone into account. Warm and bright hues 
complement deeper skin tones, while pastels and lighter shades flatter fairer skin tones. 
Balance: Find a balance in the pattern of the saree. Choose more prominent motifs for a 
bolder look or more minor, intricate patterns for a more subtle and delicate appearance. 
Hairstyles and Makeup 
To complete your banarasi silk saree look, pay attention to your hairstyle and makeup 
choices. Here are a few suggestions: 
Hairstyles: Opt for traditional hairstyles like a neatly tied bun adorned with fresh flowers or 
hair accessories like jeweled pins or brooches. 
Makeup: Keep the makeup natural and balanced. Focus on well-defined eyes with winged 
eyeliner, complemented by nude or soft pink lip colour. 
In conclusion, styling a banarasi saree is about embracing its exquisite grandeur and 
timeless beauty. By carefully selecting accessories, experimenting with blouse designs and 
draping techniques, playing with colours and patterns, and paying attention to hairstyles 
and makeup, you can create a graceful and glamorous look that highlights its allure. So, 
embrace the elegance of this traditional Indian attire and make a stunning statement 
wherever you go. 
Beginner’s Guide: Get the best of comfort through the right footwear 
Slippers are footwear that’s easy to put on and take off. However, picking a pair of slippers 
might be tricky. Numerous women frequently make misjudgments when they shop for 
women slipper. Choosing the wrong women slipper for your feet may create multiple issues. 
Even so, slippers also provide numerous advantages. They shield the health of our feet and 
give comfort, which other shoes can’t provide. They offer the feet the rest they require to 
retrieve from the strains of an average day. Also, the slipper comes in multiple sizes and 
different fabrics. There are also several variables to account for when copping a pair of 
slippers, and we have made it easy for you by listing down a few factors before you cop a 
pair of women’s slippers. The correct women slipper will regulate the blood to circulate in 
the legs properly so that your feet don’t feel numb. This is why choosing the right women 
slipper is so essential. 
1. Check the material and its quality – The better the material, the further comfy your feet 
will be. The material of the women slipper shouldn’t solely be comfy, but they should also 
permit airflow. The quality of the material is similarly vital. You don’t want to spend your 
income on women slipper that will easily break after wearing them twice or thrice. This is 
exactly why you must pay attention to the quality of the women slipper you choose because 
you’ll probably wear them every day.  
2. Select the size wisely – The size is vital when opting for slippers for day-to-day wear. As 
an initial step, ensure your women slippers fit you well and are comfortable walking in. 
Never purchase slippers that are a size smaller or a size bigger than your foot size. If you 
buy slippers that are very small for your feet or are difficult to put on, they could bring on 
foot problems like ligament rips and shoe bites. And if the slippers are a bit bigger for your 
feet, walking in them can be tricky, and you gamble on hurting your ankles or feet as the 
chance of tripping in more giant slippers are high. Always ensure enough room between 
your toes and the end of the women slipper. Judging your foot size is necessary for bagging 
that fits perfectly, as it helps in opting for the right size of slippers. 
3. Check the grip of the slippers – It’s essential to buy slippers with a fine grip, particularly if 
you’re purchasing them for older people or people with balance problems. The chances of 
them slipping or tripping on a wet floor or road are slim if the grip of the slipper is firm. 
After accounting for the above-mentioned essential tips, further questions might come up in 
your mind, such as the cost of the slippers, the shade, or the style of the slippers, among 
other factors, but the most significant factor is to try them and check how you feel while 
wearing them, and how your feet feel post wearing. That’s why at times, the price tag isn’t 
so vital; the most significant thing is how comfortable you are walking in those slippers. 
5 Ways to Style Your Pure Silk Kanchipuram Saree 
A pure silk Kanchipuram saree is a timeless attire that Indian women have treasured for 
centuries. Originating in Kanchipuram in Tamil Nadu, India, these sarees are made from the 
finest silk and are known for their magnificent craftsmanship, intricate designs, and rich 
colours. If you own a Kanchipuram saree, you know how special it is and how it deserves to 
be styled in a way that highlights its beauty. This blog post will explore five ways to style 
your pure silk Kanchipuram saree. 
Traditional Look 
The Kanchipuram collection of sarees adds to a classic, traditional piece of clothing passed 
down through generations. To honour its heritage, you can style it traditionally. Pair your 
saree with a full-sleeved blouse, preferably contrasting, and accessorise with gold jewellery. 
Gold bangles, jhumkas, and a statement necklace will add sparkle and shine to your look. 
Style your hair in a bun or a braid, and finish the look with a bindi on your forehead. This 
timeless look will never go out of style and make you look like a vision of elegance. 
Modern Twist 
If you want to add a modern touch to your Kanchipuram saree, there are several ways to do 
it. To give your saree a contemporary edge, you can experiment with different blouse styles, 
such as a crop top or a halter neck. Instead of gold jewellery, you can opt for silver or 
oxidized metal statement pieces. A chunky necklace or a pair of shoulder-grazing earrings 
will add a touch of charm to your look. You can try a messy bun or leave it open in loose 
waves for your hair. This modern twist on the traditional silk saree will make heads turn 
and show off your fashion-forward sensibilities. 
Fusion Look 
You can create a fusion look with your saree to blend traditional and modern styles. You can 
pair your saree with a crop top, a denim jacket, or a leather jacket to add an element of 
western style. Keep your accessories minimal and opt for a sleek clutch or sling bag. Try a 
messy top knot or a side ponytail for your hair. This fusion look will make you stand out and 
showcase your unique style. 
Minimalist Look 
You can style your saree understatedly if you prefer a more minimalist look. Pair your saree 
with a simple, plain blouse in a complementary colour, and keep your jewellery to a 
minimum. A pair of studs or small hoop earrings and a delicate bracelet will be enough to 
add a touch of grace to your look. Style your hair in a sleek bun or a low ponytail, and finish 
the look with a nude lip and a subtle smokey eye. This minimalist look will make you look 
effortlessly chic and sophisticated. 
Bold Look 
You can choose a bold look to make your saree style statement. Choose a blouse in a bright, 
eye-catching colour or prints to contrast with your saree—Accessorise jewellery, such as a 
chunky necklace or oversized earrings. Finish the look with a bold lip colour and a pop of 
blush. This bold look will make you the centre of attention and showcase your fearless 
personality. 
In conclusion, any Kancheepuram silk is a work of art that deserves to be styled to highlight 
its beauty. Whether you prefer a traditional look, a modern twist, a fusion look, a minimalist 
look, or a bold look, there are several ways to style your saree to suit your taste and 
personality. With the right accessories and hairstyle, you can transform your saree into a 
stunning masterpiece that will make you appear and feel like a queen. 
      
Make your Valentine’s Day even more stylish by these Bodycon dresses 
Seeing your favourite celebrities sport body-hugging clothes that help them flaunt their 
perfect silhouette can be envious. But if you have made the goal of getting into shape by 
working out and following a strict diet, achieving that banging body will be a dream come 
true for you.  
With that amazing body, you definitely got to flaunt it which is why bodycon dresses for 
women are a perfect choice of an ensemble for you. If you love to flaunt your hourglass 
body, crop tops and bodycon dresses will help you flatter your body even more.  
Check out these amazing types of bodycon dresses for women that you can buy and 
experiment with your style on various occasions.  
Floral bodycon dress: Nothing can go wrong when you’re wearing floral. The floral theme is 
always in, irrespective of the occasion. This black bodycon dress with pink and red roses 
printed all over it is the perfect outfit for a date night with your beau. You can wear this 
number with heels and carry a tiny sling to complete your look. 
Ruched bodycon dress: Ruched dresses and tops are a rage these days. The ruched detailing 
helps in highlighting the figure even better. If you have got a body worth flaunting, a ruched 
bodycon floral printed dress is worth the wear. You can even opt for a subtle number such 
as a solid ruched bodycon dress which can be paired with printed heels to maintain the 
balance of the look. 
Tulle bodycon dress: To add a bit of fairytale sparkle to your look, a bodycon dress with 
tulle detailing is a perfect choice. This dress features tulle detailing on the sleeves and a 
zipper on the back. The unicorn-coloured dress is just the perfect number for a fun day out 
with your gang. Pair this look with white heels and a white tiny sling bag to bring in the 
right level of chic. 
One-shoulder bodycon dress: This raunchy number features one-shoulder and ruched 
detailing on the sides. This mini dress available in solid shades is the perfect look to curate 
for a cocktail night. From pumps to strappy heels to highlight your legs, you can carry this 
look with a tiny clutch and you’re sure to make some heads turn at the party. 
Bodycon dresses for women can be worn on every occasion. If you want to wear a white 
bodycon dress for a meeting, give your look a formal twist by simply layering it with a 
blazer. You can either wear the blazer as usual or wear it over your shoulders for a chic 
look. If you want to keep up with the monochrome trend, you can opt for a black blazer. But 
if you want to nail a bubbly look, a bubblegum pink blazer is the right choice. To keep things 
stylish, a tweed blazer or a woollen blazer to keep warm should be your choice. You can 
accessorise with cat-eye glasses and wear white heels to keep up with the look. 
Everything you should know about Chikankari Kurtis 
Chikankari kurtis are Indian outfits that have been traditionally worn by women in India 
since ancient times. The clothing features detailed designs created using traditional hand-
embroidery methods called chikankari. It resembles zardozi, which uses gold thread rather 
than silver thread to produce designs in clothes. Formerly confined to kurtas, kurti sets, and 
salwar-kameez, there are now multiple chikankari outfits accessible out there in the market. 
However, if you don’t own any chikankari kurtis, you should definitely buy one for this 
coming summer. Chikankari kurtis are lightweight and agile and can be paired with a 
number of bottoms like salwar, straight-fit pants, leggings, and skirts, making them the 
perfect ethnic clothing for daily wear. The chikankari kurtis can be styled in a casual fashion 
paired with jeans or elevated for a special event with jewellery, dupattas, and other add-
ons. 
Most importantly, when it comes to the chikankari kurtis fabric, it’s required that you 
choose cotton or cotton silk fabric. The apparel in absolute-cotton fabric looks majestic and 
graceful and goes with any jewellery or footwear. For women with slim figures, refined 
designs in moderate sizes work best. Choose a special colour that makes you feel 
comfortable and confident. There are several ways you can wear chikankari kurtis, and we 
have listed them below: 
Go all-white: Nowadays, all-white apparel can be noticed in a variety of situations. A white 
chikankari kurti with a white chikankari cotton palazzo and a delicately woven dupatta 
might be the perfect outfit for a lunchtime event. Add ornamentations with mirroring work 
and gorgeous juttis to turn the basic look into a jaw-dropping ensemble in a flash. 
Dupatta shrug: Still, you can turn your dupatta into a new jacket over your chikankari kurtis 
if you don’t like wearing dupattas the usual way. Wear the dupatta like a shrug and strap a 
belt to give you a dignified look. Transform your look by choosing a bandhani dupatta over a 
white chikankari kurti. 
Denim jacket – If you’re more of a Boho girl, then adapt the Bohemian vibe into your 
ensemble by layering your chikankari kurtis with a denim jacket. You can complete this look 
with oxidised jhumkas and bangles and turn it into the perfect festive outfit. 
There are different styles of chikankari kurtis available in the market and some of them are 
Block-printed chikankari kurtis: These chikankari kurtis are the season’s treat because the 
expansive white thread work on printed georgette cloth gives the dress a surreal look. 
Chikankari Anarkali kurti: If you want to wear chikankari kurtis to a marriage, you can go 
for the Anarkali style kurti that can be teamed with a heavily embroidered dupatta and 
leggings. 
Floral-printed chikankari kurti: You can never go wrong with floral print, so embrace this 
sweet print in your chikankari kurti and team it up with white chikankari palazzos. Finalize 
your look with jewellery and mojaris. 
So these are the few things you should know about chikankari kurti. If you have a collection 
of it then great but if you don’t then you could refer these. 
      Featured Image Courtesy: pinterest.com/vogueindia/ 
The best motorcycle clothing trends 
Motorcycling can be both a sport and leisure activity. It is loved by many men and women, 
because it allows you to fully enjoy the beautiful nature you’ll encounter during a road trip. 
Riding a motorcycle is also a quick and good way to commute to your job and back. A 
beautiful motorcycle outfit can give you the confidence you need to take the bike out for a 
ride every day and will offer you good protection while you’re on the road. But not all 
motorcycle clothes are trendy enough to wear to work or another important engagement. 
Keep reading to pick the right motorcycle outfit and enjoy a lovely day without any outfit 
worries or mistakes. 
A black or colorful motorcycle helmet 
There are a number of items that every motorcycle user should purchase. Firstly, picking 
the right motorcycle helmet is essential. Motorcycle helmets offer you protection if you are 
involved in an accident. The helmet will provide protection for your head while hitting the 
ground or the bike, and will also protect your neck from any harm. A broken neck can be 
deadly and therefore a helmet should never be taken for granted. 
Motorcycle helmets do not only offer your protection, but can be quite a nice accessory as 
well. A full face motorcycle helmet with a sun visor can give a tough bad-ass motorcyclist 
look that the car drivers on the road will only be jealous of. If a tough look is what you’re 
going for, choose a black helmet, or a black helmet with some subtle color accents. This will 
combine very well with a leather jacket or suit. For a friendlier look, choose a colorful 
helmet, such as one completely in red, blue, orange, or really any color that you like. 
Source: picture from Pixabay.com by tookapic https://pixabay.com/photos/motorcycle-
helmet-safety-visor-933286/ 10-12-2015 
A leather or textile motorcycle jacket 
Besides the helmet, a trendy motorcycle jacket will come in handy. A leather jacket is a true 
fashion statement and doesn’t burn if you hit the ground. It can offer good ventilation in the 
summer so that you don’t sweat on hot and sunny days. However, for cold winters a leather 
jacket is less suitable because it does not offer any warmth. During this season, you can opt 
for some extra thermal layers in combination with your leather jacket, to keep that tough 
biker look, or try a multi-layer textile jacket with thermal layers. This jacket will keep you 
warm in the winter, but is too hot for the summer and could cause overheating. 
Black leather jackets can give you that real tough biker look that you’re looking for, while 
brown leather jackets give more of an Italian summer feeling. Combine a leather jacket with 
a black leather pair of pants or a pair of jeans specially made for motorcycling. Jeans made 
for motorcycling are enforced and will offer protection during an impact, whereas regular 
jeans will tear and burn. 
Trendy motorcycle shoes 
The newest trend regarding motorcycle shoes is shoes that look like regular shoes, but 
actually aren’t. Before trendy motorcycle shoes were invented, most bikers used to wear 
their own shoes, or motorcycle boots. Unfortunately, regular shoes do not offer the 
protection you need on the road, whereas motorcycle boots do offer protection, but are 
difficult to walk in. 
To solve this problem, motorcycle clothing producers started to develop trendy shoes that 
were stylish, comfortable to walk in, and offer great protection. These shoes look like 
regular sneakers or boots, but are enforced with Kevlar patches or protective layers of 
special fabric inside the shoes. Not only do these shoes fit better with your daily outfit, but 
they also take away the burden of having to bring another pair of shoes for work or for 
other activities. 
    
Put Your Best Foot Forward: Choosing The Best Designer Sneakers For 
Special Occasions 
If you are one of the many women who prefer the comfort, practicality, and style of 
sneakers to teeter on high heels, it’s time to discover the ideal kicks for life’s most 
memorable moments! 
While you may not wish to wear sneakers to a wedding, there are still plenty of special 
occasions where a pair of stunning designer running shoes would not go amiss. It could be 
from smart-casual business meetings to lunch with the girls. Fortunately, some of the 
world’s foremost fashion houses think so too, which is why these days you will even find 
eye-catching pairs of Gucci sneakers for women appearing on the runway. 
But how do you go about choosing the right pair of designer sneakers that will carry you 
effortlessly from work to a restaurant or party? Pair with seamless socks that made out of 
breathable fabrics like cotton or merino wool socks and ae super soft and comfortable, visit 
Q for Quinn Inc. Read on for some helpful tips to help you find the shoes that will make you 
look and feel like a million dollars. 
Consider Your Arches 
The most essential quality that any shoe should offer is comfort. This is far more vital than 
the label or even the shoe’s aesthetic. Casting aside those unfortunate maxims about pain 
and beauty, comfort is crucial to your enjoyment of any occasion, and the sneakers you 
choose should ideally make you feel as if you are walking on air. To help you choose the 
right pair, be sure to consider the size of your arches so you can find a shoe that will keep 
your feet well-supported. Whatever kind of arch you have, opt for the sneakers that meld 
most closely to the unique shape of your feet. Before you buy, give them a little ‘test drive’ to 
make sure they don’t pinch or rub. 
Material, Girl! 
Whether you are eyeing up one of these stunning pairs of women’s shoes by Gucci from 
SSENSE, or indeed sneakers from any of the major labels, you should consider the material 
they’re made of. Leather trainers are recommended, as leather is known for providing a 
more comfortable feel against your skin compared to synthetic materials. On the other 
hand, you may prefer some canvas high-tops or designer sneakers made with a breathable 
combination of suede and mesh. At the end of the day, the material you opt for will depend 
on your personal preference and any skin sensitivities you may have. 
Set A Budget 
When it comes to buying designer sneakers – or anything, for that matter – it’s a good idea 
to set a budget in your mind beforehand. Sneakers come with a wide range of price tags. 
Knowing exactly how much you can afford will not only help you narrow down your 
potential choices but can also help you avoid disappointment. 
Buy On The Bigger Side 
Did you know that your feet can swell by up to one shoe size during the course of the day? 
As a result, it’s recommended that you go designer sneaker shopping in the afternoon or 
evening for a more accurate fit. Otherwise, you run the risk of buying a pair that seem to fit 
perfectly in the morning but end up pinching your feet uncomfortably by mid-afternoon. 
Never buy sneakers that fit like a glove; there should always be a little room for expansion. 
By using these tried and tested tips, you will hopefully soon be the proud owner of designer 
sneakers that will help you stand out in any crowd – and make sure you feel comfortable 
while doing so! 
Anklets that go well with almost any outfits 
Anklets are vital for any outfit and keeping in mind that it might appear simpler to wear on 
several rings or a pleasant, hanging wristband, seriously consider going for an anklet. Yet, 
many individuals might have some disarray concerning where to begin, including in the 
event that there is a particular lower leg you ought to wear your anklets on. What’s the 
significance here of wearing an anklet?  
Anklet arm bands, likewise called anklets, are well known all over the planet. As one of the 
most established adornments around, this kind of gem has acquired different implications, 
that contrast contingent upon the area or culture they’re seen in. 
Lower leg gems, or an anklet, have been a piece of many societies for quite a long time. They 
were initially utilized as a type of enhancement and superficial point of interest. In later 
years, lower leg gems have become more well known as an approach to decorating your 
outfit. There are various kinds of an anklet accessible, going from straightforward string 
chains that circumvent the lower leg to additional unpredictable plans with dots and 
charms. 
Lower leg wristbands are a staggering gem piece to claim. an anklet can take pretty much 
any easygoing outfit and bring it up a couple of scores. In the event that you have a couple of 
anklets currently in your gems box to look over, then, at that point, fortune has smiled on 
you. 
On the off chance that you don’t as of now have a couple of anklets close by, then you’re 
likewise fortunate in light of the fact that this implies you have significantly to a greater 
extent motivation to buy a couple for yourself. 
There are a few favourite types of anklets I have! 
Types 
1. The Beaded ones 
Beaded is an anklet type that has acquired prevalence lately in light of the fact that it looks 
perfect with pretty much every closet type and is a lovely assistant to wear to the ocean 
side. 
2. The Charms 
There’s no particular manner by which you can wear anklets. You can wear these lower leg 
arm bands with any outfit you can envision. Simply be certain that the actual anklet is either 
gold or silver, as this will assist with figuring out what outfit and event to wear it with. The 
charms attached to it are the major highlight and hence, I love these. 
Which leg to wear the anklets on? 
One of the fundamental inquiries individuals appear to have is about the rules of wearing 
anklets. This is a typical inquiry individual wonders about for a few different gems pieces. 
For instance, the wedding band is worn on the pass close by to connote marriage. Single 
studs that are worn on the right or left ear would connote sexual inclination at one 
particular moment. 
There is some conversation about the anklets also. Anklets were likewise once a gift given 
by the husband to be to the lady of the hour. Wearing the anklet on the right lower leg is the 
imagery of those young ladies being called young ladies. 
Be that as it may, in this day and age, there is no importance behind which lower leg you 
wear yours on. The choice relies upon which one you like.  
Kick off your ethnic wardrobe with these must have kurtis 
Kurtis are the most versatile clothes every woman has because they can be worn both 
during formal and informal occasions. For example, when a kurta is styled with leggings, it 
becomes perfect office wear; when paired with palazzo pants, it becomes a chic casual 
attire, and when paired with jeans, it transforms into casual college wear.  
The best part about having a kurta is that you can style it the way you want. Whether 
summer, winter or monsoon, a kurta is suitable in every weather. But today, if you want 
your style to echo the modern trend, we show you the best women kurta set you must have.  
Keeping in mind that you want to do both an ethnic and a fusion look, we have curated a list 
of women kurta sets that you can buy to upgrade your style.  
Anarkali kurta set: Anarkalis aren’t just restricted to weddings. You can wear an Anarkali 
kurta set even daily, such as while at the office or college. Instead of investing in a heavily 
embroidered Anarkali, you can opt for a toned-down one that can be paired with leggings or 
palazzos. 
Flared kurti: If you are a modern woman, why not reflect your belief in your dressing too? A 
flared kurta is a perfect ensemble for you to make your way through the crowd while 
turning heads. You can opt for floral prints and let go of the bottoms for a fusion look. 
Overlay kurta: This is the new concept in women kurta sets where a slightly shorter kurta 
needs to be layered over the longer one. Both the kurtas can be of the same colour, but in 
different tones or different colours altogether. You can pair the look with palazzo pants for a 
festive look. 
Shirt kurta: If you’re an office-going woman, keep your look formal even while wearing an 
ethnic dress such as a shirt-style kurta. And you can pair a button-down kurta in pastel 
shades with cigarette pants for a boss lady look. You can even wear the kurta with denim 
and palazzo for an off-duty look. 
Kurtas with a jacket: Take your layering game to a new level by wearing an ethnic jacket 
over your kurta. A cropped or a long-line jacket will work wonders for your traditional look, 
especially if you’re bored wearing your traditional kurta in the same way over and over 
again. 
Angrakha kurta: The angrakha women kurta set is a must-have if you want to don a royal 
look. Reflecting the Mughal style, these types of kurtas in solid colours with ethnic prints 
look great when paired with leggings. 
Spaghetti kurti: If you want to keep your ethnic look modern and chic, a spaghetti kurti is 
the perfect ensemble to be worn with leggings or jeans. These types of kurti can be your 
staple summer wear that you can wear at your college or on your day out. 
These are the best women kurta sets that you must have in your wardrobe. 
  
How to Dress Well: 6 Tips for Men to Style Better 
Believe it or not, men also like to dress well and feel good about themselves. As they should. 
But oftentimes, guys simply do not have where to go to, in terms of fashion advice. If you are 
a guy who wants to up your styling game, look no further. With our advice, you will surely 
be on the right path of becoming a better version of yourself. 
 
1) Identify your style 
 
You can see a lot of guys that are interested in fashion, but unfortunately, they often end up 
wearing what is “trendy” instead of what flatters them and their personality. You should 
never compromise who you are for the sake of others, after all, there is nothing more 
elegant on a man than his confidence. So, before you throw out every graphic tee you own 
or get rid of those cargo pants you love, stop and ask yourself – “What do I like?” You can 
find a way to still look stylish and wear the clothes you like. Even a metalhead can look 
classy when the occasion calls for it. Go to different men’s stores and try to find as many 
items as possible that you like, or browse the Internet for ideas. Then think about how you 
could style those items to look good. It takes time to develop your style, but that is the fun of 
it. 
 
2) Embrace colour 
 
Most men are afraid to wear colour, they usually stick to navy or grey. Well, we are here to 
tell you that wearing colours that suit your complexion will make you look like a million 
bucks. Even if you are used to only wearing black or blue, adding one single piece of clothing 
that is a different colour will make your outfit pop. Colours like mustard, pinks, greens, 
different shades of blue are both versatile and look good. Go to the store and try on different 
colours. Eventually, you will find those that you like. And remember, less is more – you only 
need one garment to lift an outfit. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
3) Invest in a tailor 
 
One thing is for sure, ill-fitting clothes are never in style. This does not mean that skinny 
jeans or baggy hoodies cannot look good, it is just how they suit your body. Your pants 
should never sag so much that everyone can see your underwear, nor should your dress 
shirt be so tight that it is a sneeze away from popping a button in someone’s eye. Invest in 
well-tailored clothes, especially when it comes to suits and blazers. Even jeans that have an 
outdated fit can suit you well if you have them taken in. Well-fitting clothes can make you 
appear taller, more confident and even slimmer, and to top it off, they are made for your 
body, so they are extremely comfortable. 
 4) Accessorize 
 
Make a point by wearing stylish accessories. Sometimes a few smart accessories are all you 
need to pull an outfit together. Accessories can introduce colour to your outfit – like a royal 
blue scarf paired with a camel coat, some jeans and a white sweater. You can even juxtapose 
the colours to make the outfit interesting, like a mustard blazer with a burgundy pocket 
square. Even details catch the eye, like an elegant carbon fiber wallet. Minimalist and stylish, 
it is surely more fitting for a suit than that old bulky leather wallet you have had since 
college, and it does not take up space in your pocket. And, of course, no outfit is complete 
without a classy watch. Every man should have one watch that fits every occasion.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
5) Look after your clothes 
 
Whatever you decide to wear will not matter if it is a wrinkled mess. Teach yourself to take 
care of your clothing items, it will only make you appreciate them more. Organize your 
closet, make sure your shirts and pants are ironed and folded neatly, that they are clean and 
fresh. Additionally, polish your shoes regularly, so that they do not become dull. This will 
not only make you look neat and tidy, but the clothes will last much longer. Also, do not put 
your outfit together five minutes before you get out the door. Make it a habit to put out 
clothes and plan your outfit the night before. Make some effort to look stylish. 
 6) Take care of yourself 
 
Dressing well goes hand in hand with taking care of oneself. Just like wearing clean clothes, 
a man never truly looks good unless he takes care of his skin, hair and body. By looking after 
yourself, you say to the world “Hey, I am responsible, reliable, organized, meticulous and my 
life is in order.” Wash and moisturize your face daily, and always maintain a fresh clean-cut 
hairstyle, even if you have hair to your waist, it should be clean and combed. Wear 
deodorant, be clean-shaven or have a groomed beard, and clean your nails. This way you 
will always look your best, even in simpler clothing. 
 
While stepping out of your comfort zone is never going to be easy, becoming a better 
version of yourself is definitely possible. Dressing well is a good beginning, since it is a real 
confidence boost, especially once you start receiving compliments. Just like women, you 
guys deserve to look and feel beautiful and attractive, and with these few pieces of advice, 
you definitely can. 
 
Bonus Video 
 
7 Best Fashion TRICKS All Men Should Know by Jose Zuniga 
Style Tips to Follow to Flaunt in Traditional Wear 
Normal, worn out, normal, worn out! Is this the way that you feel when you snatch an old 
kurta and some pants for your office or college consistently? We realize that conventional 
Indian wear is the most secure wagered for a straightforward yet rich look, yet why not zest 
things up a smidgen for a change? There are ways with which you can hold that ethnic 
energy and yet make heads any place you go. The following are a couple of simple tips 
starting from dress with shrug to a lot more to keep up your sleeves for an in a flash glitz 
conventional symbol. 
 
Style continues to change with time; however, its centre continues as before. Design is 
recurrent; however, there are a few patterns that are evergreen. So everybody needs to get 
the ideal turn and be upward to date with the most popular trend patterns, be it Indian 
design or western style. 
 
The best thing about style is that you can give it your own turn and make a new and 
extraordinary look. However, with merriments around the corner, choosing the ideal 
customary wear gets highly overwhelming. The styles are changing, and everybody needs to 
add their own bend to their clothing types yet couldn't concoct something that could give 
them an upscale touch. We as a whole need solace and opportunity while wearing a 
conventional dress or a dress with a shrug, and the ideal way to do that is by giving your 
dress a cutting-edge wind.  Here are various ways of giving your traditional outfit a western 
touch and captivating everyone.  
 
Styling Tips 
 
Dress with Shrug 
 
When you wear pullovers over your crop tops, it looks like you are some fashion queen. The 
same applies to traditional wear. Dress with shrug is a traditional outfit that will give you 
casual vibes. When paired with a dress with shrug, the entire look of the ethnic Anarkali 
kurta changes and a plain Anarkali dress can thus be worn for a typical day out and even for 
a family function. Pair the dress with shrug and minimal accessories and a sling bag, and 
you’re all set! 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Half Saree 
 
Giving you all a straight styling tip here: 
 
1.  Pull-on your pair of jeans, wear an embellished V-Neck, full sleeves crop top. 
2.  Grab a saree from your wardrobe and start pleating it from one end. 
3.  Insert the pleats in your jeans and drape them like a saree. 
 
Once done, wear a golden chain belt over the half-saree, half-jeans attire and pair it with 
beautiful accessories. In an outfit like this, when the saree is styled like this, we can move 
freely and, at the same time, look beautiful and all set for a traditional day. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Basic Styling Tips: 
 
1. Wear a shirt over a Banarasi skirt. 
2. Tie your hair in a messy ponytail or a messy bun to give it a more casual yet cool look 
3. Wear your Kurti as a dress 
4. Pullover a denim jacket over your straight plain kurta 
5. Wear sneakers under a saree 
6. Wear choker over v-neck crop tops and pair it with a straight skirt 
7. Drape a Saree over a skirt 
8. Pair beautiful clutches with your attires 
 
Thus, the tips above will help you hook some eyes on yourself. Starting from a dress with a 
shrug to the basic styling tips, why do you wait to try these on? Go, get ready now! 
12 Style Tips for Short Guys (Men) to Look Taller 
If you have come across this article, then the chances are that you are not happy about your 
natural height. Well, you are not alone. A study completed by Body Logic found that 60% of 
men wished that they were taller than they are, and those respondents also felt there was a 
direct correlation between being taller and having a greater level of confidence. 
 
So, if you are hoping to gain more confidence or rid yourself of any self-consciousness by 
appearing taller than you are, you are in the right place. Listed below, we have 10+ tips on 
how you can naturally make yourself appear taller. 
 
1. Vertical Lines are Your Best Friend 
 
A good place to start on your journey to appearing to look taller is to ditch as many 
horizontal lines in your outfits as possible. We are talking about everything from horizontal 
lines patterned into your clothing choices, to accessories that cross over your body and 
break up your natural body line, for example, visible belts. So, try to ditch any belts and if 
you are a fan of strips in your clothing choices, then try to purchase vertical stripes rather 
than horizontal ones. 
 
 
2. Opt for Monochrome Tones 
 
Sticking to a particular shade of clothing will also help you appear taller, mostly by tricking 
your (and everyone else's) eyes. By minimizing the color palette of your outfits, you will not 
allow any bright colors to be introduced into your outfit, so they cannot break up the 
seamless line of your monochrome tones. Imagine putting a bright green top under a dark 
jacket and pair of pants. It will break up the line of your body by showcasing your torso. 
 
 
3. Fitted Clothes over Baggy Clothes 
 
Sadly, one style of clothing that is incredibly hard for shorter individuals to pull off is baggy 
clothes. Specific oversized clothes can sometimes give off the vibe that you are wearing 
someone else's clothes or hand-me-downs. Pants that pool around your ankles, jackets not 
fitted to your shoulders, and shirts you cannot tuck up because of excess material, they all 
need to go. Fitted clothes are key here to help make you appear more confident and to 
ensure that you wear nothing baggy. For example, wear some fitted Levi's jeans, rather than 
a baggy pair of hand-me-downs.  
 
 
4. The Old Trick: Height Boosting Shoes 
 
While we're on the subject of accessories, you can also consider adjusting your shoe style 
and material. By this, I mean choosing shoes with thicker soles and more padding. This is an 
old trick favored by shorter men in Hollywood.  
 
Wearing thick-soled shoes will add volume to the lower half of the body while 
simultaneously reducing its perceived width, which tricks people into thinking that it's 
bigger than it really is. You can check out this fun height comparison tool to have an idea of 
what your new height would be next to your SO and friends. 
 
5. Try to Wear High or Mid-Rise Pants 
 
The following two tips are all about elongating your legs. If you are on the shorter side, then 
avoiding low-rise pants is an absolute must. The end of your t-shirt or shirt, and the start of 
your trousers or jeans, show a clear divide within your body that can be hard to avoid if you 
are not using our monochrome tip above.  
 
But, by opting for high-rise or mid-rise pants, you are making your waist appear higher than 
it probably is. Which, in turn, gives the effect that your legs are longer than they are. 
 
 
6. Avoid Pant Breaks 
 
Another issue that pants can give you, similar to the oversized issue, is if you choose pants 
with a full break. This is because a fuller break will also have your pant legs bunching at the 
ankle, which will give off that same effect that you are wearing clothes way too big for you 
and eliminate any height benefits you have. Instead, opt for either a no break or a cropped 
finish to the pants. Either of these will have your pants either ending at your ankle or the 
smallest part of it, which will make your legs appear longer than they are. 
 
7. Why Not Try a V-Neck T-shirt? 
 
This tip will help you elongate another body part - this time, your neck rather than your 
legs. If you are a faithful crew-neck t-shirt wearer, then why not switch it up? By choosing a 
v-neck over a crew-neck, you will allow the natural v-shaped neckline to elongate your neck 
as there is no collar area breaking up the line from your neck to your chest.   
 
 
8. Start Wearing Pointed Shoes 
 
Women use this trick to look slimmer, wearing pointed high heels with small-scale patterns. 
Guys can use the same trick to give themselves a height boost. Just make sure you don't 
wear too many different patterns, as it could ruin the whole effect, and make people think 
that you have a Napoleon complex. 
 
Just stick to small patterns or go with plain colors. The pointed tip forces your whole body 
into good posture and makes you look taller by comparison. Additionally, pointy shoes have 
been proven to elongate the wearer's silhouette, making them appear longer from head to 
toe. 
 
9. The Long Topcoat Effect 
 
Many short men feel they can't wear coats because they make them look smaller. But this is 
not always the case. The key lies in wearing coats that are long enough to reach your knees. 
This type of coat makes you appear taller by comparison.  
 
When people see an apparently normal-sized person wearing a knee-long coat, they 
automatically assume that any other visible parts must also be longer than usual, 
subconsciously tricking them into thinking you're taller. 
 
 
10. Small Scale Patterns Work Magic for Short Guys (Men) 
 
As we've already seen in the case of pointed shoes, wearing smaller patterns can give you a 
boost. For example, if you want to add a bit of color to your outfit without going overboard, 
consider choosing a tie with a small-scale pattern. The same goes for shirt patterns. 
 
Just remember that while big prints look messy and unprofessional, too many small prints 
do the opposite. They make you look shorter due to what scientists call "visual crowding ." 
 
So just choose one or two small-scale prints max! Not only will they help add some "extra" 
inches to your height, but they also keep other people from being distracted by all the extra 
visual information on your body! 
 
11. Proportionate Accessories to Give the Illusion of Height 
 
A simple rule applies to accessories: Keep them simple and proportionate. A watch that’s 
too big or a tie that's too small for your outfit will only make you look shorter by 
comparison. A discreet watch or bracelet will be a better bet.  
 
Avoid belts with large buckles as they will both make your hips look tiny and break your 
natural body line. If you want to take it up a notch, consider getting suspenders instead. 
They are not only stylish, but they will also keep your pants from sagging and add some 
extra length to your silhouette! 
 
 
12. Stand Tall with Confidence 
 
Last but not least, having a correct posture can go a long way to making yourself seem taller. 
You may have heard of the saying, 'stand tall with confidence', but teaching yourself the 
correct posture will very much make you appear taller. This method works to both 
maximize the height that you already have, but also eliminate any bad posture habits that 
break up the natural line of your body. Say goodbye to any hunchbacks or shoulders and say 
hello to elevating your own natural height. 
 
Conclusion 
 
Although you can't change your height, you can still do a few things to appear taller. Give 
each of these tips a try, see what works, and try to mix and match them with other essential 
fashion tips that will make you feel more confident in your appearance in no time.  
Hat Styling Tips 2023: Add Spunk to Your Personality 
With multiple categories of hats available in the market, it’s often overwhelming to select 
the one that goes with your personality. When you see your favorite fashion influencer or 
celebrity wearing different hats, you may be wondering whether you can create the same 
effect with your selection of hats? Believe it or not, it is possible. You can wear medium-
priced hats and create a similar effect only with confidence. You can complement your outfit 
with elegant-looking hats that will make you different in the crowd. You will have to 
consider various options in terms of style and color if you want to create a stylish look in 
2023. 
 
One critical area that you will have to look into is your head size. Apart from the head size, 
the face shape also makes a difference. People with an oval shape, round shape, and long 
shape faces have different options before them. For example, individuals with long faces will 
have to go for wide-brimmed hats to cut across the forehead and create an impression of a 
shorter look. Hence, you can go for fedora hats but not beanies. 
 
On the other hand, your head size also makes a huge difference. You must go for Panama 
hats, fedora hats, and newsboy caps if you have a big head. Wide-brimmed hats are the best 
for big heads. While considering hats for big heads, you will have to go with wide-brimmed, 
lightweight, and breathable hats that create a mysterious look.  
 
Hat styles that will make you look elegant in the crowd 
 
Now that you have decided to purchase a hat for your occasion, it’s time to delve deep into 
the options. There are tons of choices before you when you hit the market. You don’t have to 
be a hat specialist to purchase a hat. All you need to do is obey simple guidelines that 
experts provide you. Do not be scared of experimenting with your accessories because that 
might give you a completely distinct look. 
 
Sun hats are ideal for casual settings 
 
Yes, you may feel that sun hats are only good for a beachside look. However, it is not so. If 
you want to flaunt your face, hair, and neck, all you need to do is get a sun hat.  
 
Image Credit: Freepik  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Select big hats with wide brims and wide circumference 
 
It will not only deliver you shade but elevate your look to another level. Sightseeing, 
gardening, hiking, or when you are heading towards the beach, you will require some 
protection. Hence, floppy hats are the best option. You can select those coming with a light 
color like beige, white, or pastel shades. They limit the rays of the sun and thereby keep 
your head cooler. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Fedora hats are decent for every season 
 
Again, you may feel that fedora hats are only for the summer season. However, your thought 
is wrong. If you want to hide your bad hair day, you can rely on fedora hats. Believe it or not, 
the curved headwear comes with indented crowns to draw all the attention towards you. 
You don’t have to style yourself with additional accessories. All you need is to pair your hats 
with white t-shirts and fitted trousers to do the talking. Fedora hats are available in 
different materials and colors. You will have to mix and match different shapes and textures 
to create a feminine balance. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Beret caps are ideal for winter evenings 
 
If you are interested in a distinctive look with a flat crown and woven style, you will have to 
look at beret hats. Hats are not only popular among women but also men. Ever since the 
early 19th century, this headwear has become popular in the western world. They are an 
integral part of official uniforms all across the globe. Hence, they are not only adequate for 
casual events but also formal get together. Another distinctive feature associated with the 
beret is that they are available in different materials and colors. Felt, wool, synthetic fiber, 
and crochet cotton helps in manufacturing these hats. Hence, you are in a better stance to 
select among them. 
 
Image Credit: Amazon  
 
How about wearing cowboy hats for your outdoor events?  
 
If you are interested in gardening, hiking, or any such outdoor activities, you can go for 
wide-brimmed and high crown cowboy hats. They are prevalent all across Western 
countries and have always remained in fashion. Irrespective of your sense of style, you can 
wear cowboy hats to give a rugged appearance and a mysterious look. Cowboy hats are 
available in different materials. However, the traditional ones are fur-based.   
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Apart from this, you can also take a look at Panama hats. Originating in Ecuador, these hats 
belong to a specific season. Hence, they are lightweight, breathable, and easy to maintain. 
The tight weaving makes these hats long-lasting and durable. For that authentic and 
traditional look, you will have to go for these breathable alternatives. 
Winter Wardrobe Essentials for 2023 (9 Staples) 
With the Winter fast approaching, it's time to up your wardrobe game with these simple 
essentials! From warm layers to stylish elements, this list contains the perfect combination 
of staying toasty with looking amazing. Plus, the great thing about all of these choices is that 
there are items out there to suit any budget. So, what are you waiting for? Let’s upgrade 
your winter wardrobe in 2023 with these essentials!  
 
1) Black Jeans 
 
Although this might seem like a simple one, black jeans will help to set up your wardrobe 
for the whole winter. They literally go with anything and can be dressed up or dressed 
down for any occasion. You could choose wide-leg black jeans, black skinny jeans or any 
style to suit you! Plus, you know that black jeans are never going to go out of style, so you 
can wear them again and again. Not only this, but if they fade over time, you can re-dye 
them so they will keep looking brand new.  
 
Keep it super simple with your black jeans, a white t-shirt and a colourful puffer jacket. 
Dress your jeans right up with a blazer and white shirt. Pair with a hoodie and autumnal 
coloured trainers for an effortless weekend look. Your options really are endless when it 
comes to black jeans, so you know you will be wearing these time after time.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
2) Wool Overcoat 
 
Next up we have a wool overcoat, a dressier staple for any winter wardrobe. Wool overcoats 
are long sleeve coats with a classic shape that usually sits between the mid-thigh and knee. 
No matter which dressy outfit you are wearing, when you throw on an overcoat, the whole 
outfit will come together. For a classic and timeless, go with either a navy, black or camel 
coloured overcoat.  
 
Pair a camel overcoat with an all-black outfit for a classy look. To add a bit more warmth, go 
with a white shirt, nude cable knit jumper and a camel overcoat with blue jeans and camel 
boots. If you prefer a more monochromatic look, choose a grey overcoat with a white shirt 
and black trousers. Your options are endless with a wool overcoat so this really is essential 
in any wardrobe!  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
3) Thick Flannel Overshirt 
 
Another winter essential when it comes to layering is a thick flannel overshirt! This is a 
classic style that is absolutely timeless, so it is worth investing in. First, choose which colour 
scheme you want to go for. Go for a classic red and black, more simply grey and white or a 
camel, black and brown for a modern edge. This will depend on the colour of the t-shirt, 
likely either black or white.  
 
Then, pair the t-shirt and shirt with black or blue jeans, perhaps ripped for a nice twist. You 
could keep it more casual with a hooded tracksuit underneath for a slightly smarter casual 
look. To dress it up, go with a turtleneck, black jeans and boat shoes. The most simple of all 
is a full black outfit with your flannel shirt for an effortless look.  
 
4) Puffer Jacket 
 
Puffer jackets are another staple in any winter wardrobe! This one is much more focused on 
keeping warm, but hopefully, you realise by now that this doesn’t mean you need to 
compromise on style. You could go for a lightweight puffer jacket if you like to layer or you 
could choose something much thicker if you like your coat to be the main warming element.  
 
Style with tracksuits, jeans or even smart trousers and you will create a killer look every 
time. To make this your main winter coat, choose a waterproof choice. No matter your 
budget, this piece will become a wardrobe staple every year. For a more affordable option 
without compromising on quality, wait around for a women's or men's puffer jacket sale! 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
5) Beanie 
 
Going in the direction of accessories, you should invest in a beanie! We all need to make 
sure that we are keeping warm through the winter and this is a stylish way to go about it. 
Beanies come in all different colours, so maybe you could go for a brighter option if the 
majority of your wardrobe is more neutral coloured, like a mustard yellow or deep orange. 
If you love more simple colours, keep it simple with a marl grey or black.  
 
Again, beanies can be thrown on with anything and they will look great, so you have 
something on hand when it's cold no matter what you’re wearing!  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
6) Scarf 
 
While we are on the topic of warm accessories, you should pair your beanie with a matching 
scarf! Of course, we want everything to look good, so choosing something that matches is a 
great choice, especially if you have chosen a more basic neutral colour. However, you could 
go with a simple black scarf if you don’t want too much colour on the outfit. Nevertheless, 
having a scarf in your winter wardrobe no matter what is essential to keep you warm in 
winter 2023!  
 
7) Chelsea Boots 
 
Our next choice is a good pair of Chelsea boots. Sometimes trainers just don’t cut it on the 
coldest of days, so having a  thick boot with nice socks is essential. Plus, Chelsea boots are a 
timeless classic that you will reach for every year. As with the rest of our picks, this one is so 
diverse.  
 
One of the best ways to style Chelsea boots is with a grey overcoat, a white t-shirt and 
ripped blue jeans. Or, style it right up with a black turtleneck, smart checkered trousers and 
a black overcoat. Suede or leather are two of the most popular choices, with leather being 
the easiest to maintain over time. With a pair of Chelsea boots in the cupboard, you will 
never be stuck for choice.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
8) Cable Knit Jumper 
 
Another important thing when it comes to warmth is a cable knit jumper. When it comes to 
colour, your options really are endless. Keep it simple with black, grey or nude, go with a 
hint of colour with a dark green, burgundy or navy, or go bold with mustard or bright blue! 
Wear on its own or with a shirt underneath for a smarter twist on this look that will keep 
you warm on a night out.  
 
Crew neck cable knit jumpers look amazing or you could go with a turtleneck if it is 
particularly cold where you live! Make sure to go for an oversized one if you choose to go 
with a turtleneck, as this will make you feel super cosy. On a cold day, throw on your jeans 
and cable knit jumper and you’ll be good to go. If you need an extra layer, go with a long 
sleeve top underneath for extra warmth.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
9) ¼ Zip Sweater 
 
Last but not least, we have a ¼ zip sweater. For the days where a cable knit jumper isn’t 
quite dressy enough, then a cable knit jumper worn over a shirt or long sleeve top is a 
dressy and warm option that is effortlessly stylish! Jeans, trousers and even joggers can all 
look amazing with a ¼ zip sweater, so having one of these on hand is always a good idea. 
Comfy, cosy and warm, this is a staple that will help to get you through winter looking 
stylish.  
 
Final Thoughts 
 
Who said your 2023 winter wardrobe has to be dull just so you can keep warm! With these 
different winter wardrobe essentials, you’re all set for a stylish winter wardrobe that is also 
practical. From cosy winter accessories to essential coats and stylish finishing touches, you 
will find yourself reaching for these pieces year after year, making these classic pieces cost-
effective and eco-friendly pieces! Prepare to always have something to wear this winter 
with these amazing wardrobe staples.  
Summer Wardrobe Tips 2023 | Up Your Fashion Game 
Some people love summertime, whereas others find the heat very problematic. Although 
summer clothes are super fashionable sometimes, it can be challenging to understand what 
works best. You want to feel comfortable in your clothes along with looking stylish. Feeling 
good is just as important as looking good. 
 
There are certain dos and don'ts when it comes to wearing the right clothes in this weather. 
You want to dress in a way that does not make you feel the heat or humidity. You also do 
not want to buy something because it is trending and then never wear it again. You want 
something that completes your wardrobe and complements your whole look. That's why we 
will talk about seven summer wardrobe tips that will help enhance your fashion game in 
2023. 
 
1. Make Dresses Your Best Friend 
 
Dresses are super underrated. You do not have to wear a dress only when going to some 
formal gatherings. A comfortable flowy dress is perfect for summer. It will not make you 
feel hot because of the light fabric, and it will not make you sweat either. The best thing 
about dresses is that you can wear them when you can't figure out what to wear otherwise. 
Minimal effort goes into styling it. You can add a pair of sandals with the right accessories, 
and it will make you look chic. 
 
There are different types of dresses you can opt for, such as minidresses, maxi dresses, and 
sundresses. Sundresses are essential for summer. Not only can you find the most 
comfortable plus-size sundresses, but the floral prints will give off the perfect summertime 
vibe. Add a pair of sunglasses and floral sandals, and you are good to go almost anywhere. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
2. Opt for Light Colors 
 
As much as dark colors make us feel bold, try opting for lighter colors in the summer. 
Lighter colors reflect heat and make us feel breezy, and give the perfect vibe. Light colors 
have an airy and cool feel that fits with summer, which dark colors do not. Pastel colors also 
come under this category and look stylish. There are plenty of ways to wear pastel-colored 
clothing. Colors such as lilac, light blue, and mint green are trending pastel colors. You can 
mix and match these colors or wear them with neutrals. For example, you can mix neutral 
colors, such as gray, with a pastel color for an elegant and classy look. You can also mix 
neutral tones with a pastel nude color, such as beige or light peach. You can style these 
colors with various accessories and do natural makeup and look flawless. 
 
3. Avoid Skin-Tight Clothes 
 
Tight clothing absorbs heat and makes you sweat, which are two things you don't want. The 
heat and humidity are already stressful, let alone having your clothes bother you too. Thus, 
choose clothes that have a lot of air circulation. Loose-fitting and flowy clothing not only 
gives excessive airflow but also goes hand in hand with summertime. You can wear crop 
tops, oversized shirts, wide-legged pants, and loose blouses, which will help you stay cool. 
You can also wear off-shoulder or sleeveless blouses for a formal look. It will make you feel 
stylish and not let the heat get to you either.   
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
4. Choose the Right Fabric 
 
You must know the correct fabric for summer. Choosing clothes based on the material will 
only matter during this time. However, it is something that needs proper attention. You 
want to wear breathable and light fabrics that will not make you feel sweaty. Try to wear 
cotton, silk, chiffon, or linen clothing. You can also choose jersey material and wear basic t-
shirts and V-necks. Also, if you want textured clothing, you can choose fabrics such as 
seersucker. It will be light and make you look fashionable. The best thing about these 
materials is that they give the perfect summer vibe, along with making you heat-free. 
 
5. Own a Variety of Tank Tops 
 
You must own at least two tank tops. Tank tops are the most useful items in your entire 
wardrobe and it is the perfect thing for summer. You can wear a tank top and a pair of pants 
to beat the heat with a summer-loving casual outfit. Yet, you can also wear it below a sheer 
dress. Apart from this, you can wear different colored tank tops, such as red, blue, or pink 
every day, and create a whole new look. You can also pair it with tights/shorts and create an 
outfit for the beach. You can style a tank top in almost any way, and adding accessories gives 
an effortless summer look. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
6. Say No to Denim 
 
Denim is always a good idea, but not in summer! The fabric is quite heavy and will keep 
bothering you. Denim jeans, high-waisted or skinny, will make you feel hot in the summer. 
As an alternative to jeans, you can choose different lowers, which have more breathable 
fabric. You can wear cotton or linen straight pants, palazzos, or baggy pants. However, if you 
still want to wear denim, wear wide-leg jeans, which will allow better airflow than other 
options. However, with the variety of clothing items available nowadays, try choosing 
something stylish and comfortable. 
 
7. Rely on Skirts and Shorts 
 
Skirts and shorts have plenty of variety. They are breathable and help in preventing 
excessive heat. Mini skirts are your holy grail for summer. You can pair this with formal or 
casual tops and sandals or closed shoes. It will give you a chic semi-casual summer outfit. 
Other options for skirts include tulle and pleated skirts. When we talk about shorts, you can 
choose anything you prefer. Try going for floral printed or lace shorts. Floral prints are 
perfect for summer. You can pair them with a tank top/button-down shirt and wedges to 
give a chic vibe. Lace shorts add an extra feminine touch to your look. You can pair this with 
a crop top and a summer hat and make a statement style. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Conclusion 
 
The most important thing to remember when it comes to choosing clothes is comfort. If you 
are not comfortable, nothing else matters. It would help if you never compromised your 
comfort because of style. While you should look good, nothing trumps your satisfaction. If 
you are wearing something that others wear out of peer pressure, that will not look good. 
Wear clothes that you like and are easy to carry. If you feel good, you will automatically look 
good too. These tips will help you with the heat and give you choices on clothing and 
fashion, but in the end, only you can decide what suits you best.   
Winter Outfit Ideas 2023 - Up Your Fashion Game 
So, the winter season is coming.  
 
Well, cheers to that! Not only is winter an enjoyable season, but it also comes with a chance 
to style up your winter outfit!  
 
Most people find it challenging to develop an outfit that makes them look nice in the winter. 
Although it is essential to protect yourself against the cold weather, it is also necessary to 
keep up with fashion.  
 
Having said that, we have decided to bring forth some excellent fashion tips you can follow 
to rock your winter outfits in 2023!  
 
1. A do-it-all stole 
 
If you are looking for something to up your fashion game this winter, you must focus on 
getting highly versatile.  
 
A do-it-all stole should do the job. However, this stole doubles up as a neck warmer, and in 
winters, Cardigan makes for the best option.  
 
Consider spending on buying a stole that you can pair with many of your winter outfits. 
Since it is warm enough to keep you cozy, you won’t need to worry about feeling cold when 
wearing such stoles.  
 
Highly warm and cozy, a do-it-all stole is worth a try!  
 
Also Read: Must-Have Wardrobe Essentials for Winter  
 
 
2. Solid Knits 
 
To up your winter fashion game, you must go for versatile dress options and go with a wide 
variety of looks.  
 
Solid knitted pullovers are all that you need to look cool. Choose knits in solid colors as they 
offer the highest versatility. To uplift your winter looks, you should choose knits that 
provide a range of color options as well as their delicate texture.  
 
Choose solid knits to make for a great way of adding edginess to your outfit without 
overdoing it.  
 
If you want to make the most with your solid knits, you can pair them with structured 
jackets, coats, cardigans, and shrugs.  
 
 
3. Trench coats 
 
Trench coats are a central part of the perfect winter closet! The trench coats used to be very 
famous all around the Western countries.  
 
However, Asians have taken a page out of the book of Western countries as trench coats are 
becoming popular all over Asia as well!  
 
Trench coats give a “timeless” appeal to them. Seeing that they come with a complete design 
and offer comfort and style, these coats are an excellent option for formalwear and casual 
wear.  
 
So, in conclusion, wearing trench coats are the perfect way to add form and structure to 
your winter outfits!  
 
 
4. Wool blend lowers 
 
You may have come across many sources suggesting wearing layered legging in winter.  
 
We agree that the idea sure sounds fun! However, if you aim for formal wear, the layered 
leggings will not have much to offer.  
 
However, Woll blend lowers are the perfect alternative to casual layered leggings! You can 
wear wool-blend trousers with skirts. As such dressing offers warmth and comfort, this 
dressing is the ideal option for dressing up winters.  
 
When selecting wool-blend lowers, you should consider choosing deep colors such as grey 
or navy blue. Then, you can pair them with classic knits or silk shirts.  
 
5. Knee-high boots  
 
While you can try out many winter outfit ideas, the classics never go out of style!  
 
These classic shoes usually run all the way up to the knees of the wearer. However, in some 
cases, the boots also fall slightly under as well. These shoes feel tight around the leg shaft 
and ankle.  
 
This tightness ensures that these shoes offer a secure fit to the user. In addition, 
manufacturers usually use leather to design these shoes. Since they are made from leather, 
these shoes provide the right amount of warmth to the users.  
 
Wear these shoes with a pullover and a formal skirt to rock the look!  
 
 
6. Ankle boot 
 
Ankle boots come in handy the most in the winter season.  
 
Since they are highly fashionable and go well with casual dresses, you can pair them with 
trousers to rock your casual winter looks!  
 
These shoes offer a perfect combination of style and comfort, which is just what you should 
look for in shoes for winter. 
 
You will find that these shoes are highly versatile. They go well with dresses, skirts, leather 
jackets, and even blazers! You name it.  
 
 
7. Oxford shoe  
 
You may know Oxford shoes as lace-up shoes. These shoes have the bottom of the lacing 
section closed due to sewing.  
 
Furthermore, they also come with their eyelet facings stitched underneath the vamp. This 
design is featured on the front section of the shoe.  
 
It’s safe to say that these shoes are trendy. Other than that, these shoes also happen to be 
unisex.  
 
In conclusion, Oxford shoes give you a lot of variety as they work well with formal and 
casual wear alike. Considering that, they will make an excellent option for improvising your 
fashion game!  
 
 
8. Leather jackets 
 
There couldn’t be a better time all around the year if you love wearing leather jackets. Not 
only are they hot and comfortable, but they are very stylish as well! We wouldn’t be wrong 
if we said that leather jackets happen to be one of the most popular forms of winter 
outerwear.  
 
Here is a crazy fact for you: The origins of leather jackets date back to World War I. Even 
after being around for so long, leather jackets still happen to be the one-stop fashion 
solution for many men and women. If you wonder what kind of leather jacket you should 
buy, you must check out sexy leather jackets online!  
 
 
Final Thoughts 
 
While many dress options are available in the winter, we have managed to narrow down to 
the best options to make your winters more fashionable! Here go some amazing winter 
outfit ideas that you can follow to up your fashion game in 2023.  
 
We have ensured to take tips from the best fashion bloggers all around the world. And that’s 
how we know that these are the best possible tips out there.  
 
However, if you have a fashion tip that would make a great addition to the list, drop it in the 
comments below!  
What to Wear for Maternity Photoshoot in 2023 
We all know that as blissful as pregnancy is, it can be equally hard too. And an expecting 
mother goes through all kinds of emotional swings throughout this period. At the same 
time, it is also a phase when a lady becomes the creator of a new life, carrying it within her 
body. 
 
Pregnancy brings both physical and emotional transformation to the woman. Inevitably, 
she’d want to capture the moments and cherish them for a lifetime and more. In the modern 
world, a maternity photoshoot is the best way to capture these precious moments of life.  
 
Over the years, maternity photoshoots have progressed from taking informal images at 
home to going out and having them photographed in a studio. Either way, the challenge that 
every expecting mother faces is, “what to wear for maternity photoshoot in 2023?” 
 
Choosing the correct outfit for an occasion has always been a tough choice especially when 
it’s about pregnancy shoots. And this further complicates the decisions to be made. At the 
same time, it is also important that the mother feels comfortable in whatever she chooses to 
wear throughout the shoot.  
 
In this informative article, we will share a few tips and ideas on maternity photoshoot 
outfits for 2023.  
 
1. Trail Gowns 
 
There is a certain elegance and timelessness that comes with gowns. And when you are 
pregnant, you get to wear your baby bump with even more pride than ever. With Trail 
Gowns especially, things tend to get easier and at times, even royal. They are easy to carry 
and comfortable around the baby bump. In maternity photoshoots, they capture the essence 
of your curves and contours. Furthermore, trail gowns can sprinkle a bit of drama into your 
shoot. In a still photograph, the flowing fabric as you flaunt your baby bump, adds to the 
overall appeal of the picture.   
 
Image credit: Pinterest 
 
 2. Maternity Photoshoot in Saree Ideas  
 
Yes, you read it right! Another option for your maternity photoshoot can be a saree. We all 
know that those six yards of sheer elegance have been doing wonders for as long as we can 
remember. And nothing stops a mother from wearing a saree for a baby bump photoshoot. 
There are no boundaries on the type of sarees you can wear on a pre baby shoot. Wrap it in 
any style you want and let the camera bring grace to the picture.  
 
Image credit: Pinterest (indian maternity photoshoot in saree) 
 
Image credit: Kiran_photography (saree maternity photoshoot)  
 
Image credit: Pinterest (pregnancy photoshoot in saree) 
 
Image credit: Pinterest (maternity photoshoot in saree) 
 
3. Lehanga 
 
Another ethnic costume suitable for a pregnancy photoshoot is to go for your wedding 
lehenga. Wearing a lehenga is every girl’s dream come true. And the dream becomes even 
more divine during a maternity shoot. However, you don’t have to buy a whole new lehenga 
for the shoot. You can use the one you wore for your engagement or wedding or any other 
function. It will not only bring the extra spark to your shoot but also will bring back so many 
memories just to build them with the new ones. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest 
 
4. Professional Outfit 
 
While we have discussed a lot of tastes so far, not everyone wants to go with traditional 
outfits. And as we said before, it’s important for the mother to be comfortable in whatever 
she wears. So, you may also choose to wear professional-work attire. You can pair up a skirt 
with a shirt or a dress. You can always “Boss Up” your maternity photoshoot! 
 
Image credit: pinterest 
 
5. Casuals  
 
Speaking of comfort, some women also like to keep things casual or go for a street look. And 
maternity photoshoots are all up for it! For casual looks, you can run to the basics like a 
black top and jeans with a denim jacket. Or you can go for dungarees or a crop top with 
shorts. You may even go for flair dresses. Casual looks tend to fit well in backgrounds like 
home settings, backyards, parks and even the famous landmarks of your city.  
 
Image credit: pinterest 
 
6. One-Piece Bikini 
 
Maternity photoshoots are all about showing off your baby bump. A one-piece full set of 
bikinis are a good option to show off your curves. For that, you can go for solid-colored 
bikini costumes or with neons.  
 
Image credit: pinterest 
 
7. Solid Colors 
 
Since it’s a maternity shoot, the prime focus is on the baby bump and nothing should 
distract the focus from it. We generally suggest going with solid colors so your baby bump 
stays the prime focus. However, a couple pieces of jewelry or a scarf never hurt anyone.  
 
Image credit: pinterest 
 
8. Textured Clothing 
 
Using textured clothing for your maternity shoot is a great way to add dimension to your 
photos without overcrowding them. Lace is a beautiful and feminine option that pictures 
beautifully. At the same time, knits are not far behind. Textured clothing will give your 
maternity photoshoot an extra edge and is the perfect substitute for prints and patterns.  
 
9. Have Two Outfits  
 
With maternity shoots, it’s good to keep your options open. We suggest that you must have 
two outfits ready such as one for casuals and one for a sophisticated shoot. It brings variety 
to your pictures. All you have to do is inform your photographer that you’d like to change 
outfits during the shoot.  
 
10. Bold Themes 
 
You can have bold prints, vivid colors, and classic childhood themes if you want to bring a 
huge personality to your pregnancy photography. Any of these clothes can make a joyful 
statement in your maternity images. A wonderful method to put joy first during your 
pregnancy! 
 
Image credit: pinterest 
 
11. Choosing Outfits With Your Partner and Children 
 
If you want to include your partner or kids in your maternity photos, choose your dress first 
and then theirs to complement your style. The best option is to choose solid neutral colors. 
Adding a splash of color with accessories, on the other hand, is a terrific way to bring 
everyone in the photo together. 
 
There's no need to be concerned about what to wear for a maternity photoshoot. The first 
half of the battle is settling on your overall look, and then you're good to go. Also, avoid 
wearing clothing, cosmetics, or hair that is overly trendy. Allow your bump to take center 
stage in documenting and remembering this special moment.  
 
Author Bio (Guest Author) 
 
Meghna Rathore (Meghna Rathore Photography) is professional maternity, newborn baby, 
and kid photographer. She is based out of Delhi and has been creating lifetime memories for 
her clients for many years.  
11 Boho Outfit Ideas for Women (Bohemian Attire 2023) 
As time passes, more and more people are embracing the bohemian style as part of their 
wardrobe. Boho style is not only unique and chic but also keeps your style statement on 
point. Boho outfit is the perfect styling opportunity for those who want the liberty of adding 
their own personal touches to their fashion. Listed below are 10+ bohemian outfit for 
women for 2023 to draw inspiration from. Also, there is a video below on 'BOHO Style 
Guide' - make sure you watch it before leaving this page.  
 
1. Breathable Bohemian Pants 
 Lightweight and breathable, these loosey-goosey pants are a perfect example of bohemian 
pants for women that fit around your waist comfortably and let you move in style. It comes 
in various patterns and styles and allows easy movements for the body. Letting you stand 
out of the crowd is another plus point to add to its pros list. With this purchase, your 
wardrobe will look great. No matter which style of top you pair them with, these pants 
won't let you down.  
 
Image credit: Pinterest (shein) 
 
Image credit: Pinterest (boho outfit) 
 
2. Boho-Style Maxi  
 This boho-style maxi dress will be one of the wardrobe updates that you'll be grateful for in 
the long run. You tie a bun or let your curls loose. You wear long boots or pair them with a 
sandal. This style of dress can't go wrong if you let its flair take up the breeze and put on a 
belt. Make your personal style statement effortlessly by wearing it and flaunting it with 
minimalist jewelry. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest (bohemian attire) 
 
3. Bohemian Shorts 
 Summer is the time for the beach, and bohemian shorts are a great addition to your 
wardrobe. A stretchy and lightweight piece of clothing will let you enjoy any picnic or 
outdoor activity. With a plain round-neck shirt and sneakers, you can pair it with different 
patterns. It can be styled as you see fit, and you can rock your look without breaking a 
sweat.  
 
Image credit: Pinterest (bohemian theme outfit) 
 
4. Bohemian Themed Pants 
 Do you want a unique and stylish outfit that reflects your wild personality? You'll love these 
bohemian-themed pants this season. This attire looks great with plain white or a splash of 
any other color on top, a tank top, or a boho scarf, this outfit speaks volumes about the 
seriousness with which you take dressing. Comfortable, trending, and economical all at the 
same time. These pants are a must-have this season.   
 
 
5. Flowy Top 
 An airy white top is a must-have for summer. Despite being easy-going and comfortable, 
this boho top still keeps you looking stylish. With jeans or tights, this top will complete your 
carnival look. Enhance its overall appearance with minimal accessories. Adding a cowboy 
hat might take your look to the next level by making it more adventurous. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest (boho attire female) 
 
6. Bohemian Skirt 
 The Capri length of a bohemian skirt with a tribal print makes it easy to pair multiple tops 
with it. No matter what shoes you wear, whether sandals or boots, t-shirt or boho-printed 
shirt, this skirt goes with everything. For an added tribal touch, accessorize your jewelry 
with chokers or with heavy necklaces. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest (bohemian dress code female) 
 
 
7. Long Boho Coat 
 Do you mind stepping out in a coat that gives the most refreshing vibes instead of bringing 
dull coats? Absolutely not. Wearing this coat on a stroll down the windy streets will make 
your evening walk comfortable and stylish. Put it on with a monochrome dress and boots so 
that it stands out and you are ready for a night out. 
 
 
8. Long Sleeve Printed Shirt 
 Featuring a long sleeve and button-down front, this shirt offers a casual and graceful look. 
The perfect way to flaunt your unique personality with style, this shirt breaks all the rules. 
For bohemians, loose sleeves provide a relaxed, casual look that makes it an excellent choice 
for people who want more comfortable apparel. With its floral print from top to bottom and 
versatile design, this shirt can be worn with ease in multiple environments. It will look great 
with long boots or harem pants. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest (bohemian attire for women) 
 
9. Cashmere Ponchos 
 Take a look at this outstanding handmade cashmere yak wool poncho. Isn't it the coolest 
poncho you've ever seen? With this brilliant textured maroon poncho, you will look 
stunning and stay warm all winter long. It also features matching tribal embroidery at the 
ends that will surely provide you a style boost. It looks good with either shorts or pants and 
can be worn with whatever color pants you want, such as light or dark pants. A short-sleeve 
shirt from the above selection will perfectly match these ponchos. 
 
 
10. Vintage Style Bohemian Shirt 
 Wearing a vintage-style boho shirt with hand bracelets will make you feel like a traveler or 
a wanderer. You'll stay cool and comfortable in this shirt throughout the day. Designed with 
a fresh print, this piece orchestrates a stylish look. Bohemian style is all about keeping it 
casual while still looking chic, so you may not have to iron it. 
 
 
11. Women’s Woven Shirt  
 
The fashionable and versatile woven shirt makes an excellent women's bohemian top that 
can be worn on numerous occasions without having to worry about matching patterns and 
colors. Due to its casual look and naturally dyed color, it goes well with almost any pants or 
shorts. A perfect pairing would be navy blue shorts or khaki boho trousers. Casual collars 
are added to the fabric to add a touch of grace and comfort without taking away from the 
fabric's casualness. Its short sleeves make it more comfortable and easier to wear in all 
weather, and you can layer it with a shawl in the winter. 
 
Taking your style to the next level, the summer of 2023 invites you to show off a unique 
boho look. With this 10+ bohemian attire for female, you will certainly set your bar high and 
look great! 
 
Bonus: BOHO Style Guide by Himani Aggarwal 
6 Timeless Fashion Trends That Never Go Out of Style 
Everyone should have a few closet staples in their wardrobe. Closet staples are timeless 
fashion trends that never go out of style. By adding these six trendy and comfortable fashion 
items to your wardrobe, you’ll never have another; “I don’t have anything to wear!” moment 
again. 
 
1) White Linen Shorts 
 
White linen shorts can be dressed up or down, which makes them one of the best fashion 
trends. If you’re having a relaxed day, you can pair them with a casual women’s t-shirt. This 
look is perfect for running errands, picking up the kids from school, working from home - 
and so much more. It’s important to feel trendy and stylish, even while wearing something 
comfortable. It will help your confidence soar through the roof. 
 
White linen shorts can also be dressed up. Pair your white linen shorts and casual women’s 
t-shirt with your favorite heels and a few stunning accessories, and head out to lunch with 
the girls. Yes, it’s really that simple. You can also pair your white linen shorts with stylish 
button-down shirts, crop tops, off-the-shoulder ruffle blouses - and much more. Get creative 
and style your white linen shorts to suit any occasion you’re attending. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
2) Stretchy Boot Cut Pants 
 
You absolutely have to own a pair or two of stretchy boot-cut pants. Stretchy boot-cut pants 
are usually worn at work or in other professional settings. But, that doesn’t mean that they 
aren’t versatile. Let’s talk about why you need these trendy pants: 
 
●  They’re incredibly comfortable and functional. You can wear them for hours at a time 
without feeling like, “Oh my gosh, I can’t wait until I can take these off” 
●  You can wear them at work or for dinner. 
●  Because they’re stretchy, they’ll fit comfortably, even though minor weight fluctuations 
or bloating.  
●  They look nice! Just like white linen shorts, stretchy boot-cut pants flatter your natural 
silhouette. 
 Pair your stretchy bootcut pants with heels and your favorite work blouse. Or, get a slightly 
oversized linen button-down and head out to the best dinner spot in town. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
3) Oversized Cardigans 
 
Oversized cardigans are cozy, comfy, trendy, and easy to style! They work during all seasons 
and, most importantly, they can also be dressed up or down. If you have some quick errands 
to run, wear an oversized cardigan with your favorite t-shirt and some comfy leggings.  
 
If you happen to get a spontaneous call from your friends to meet them for some eats and 
drinks during your quick errand day, don’t panic! Simply, throw on your favorite heels or 
fancy sandals and you’ve got yourself a whole new outfit.  
 
Don’t throw your oversized cardigan into storage during summer, either. You’ll be needing 
it. With an oversized cardigan in your closet during the summer, you’ll be ready for the 
chills of movie theaters and cool night walks. Oversized cardigans are also perfect for 
keeping warm in offices with frigid A/C, unexpectedly windy rainy days, and anything in 
between.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
4) Pencil Skirts 
 
Another versatile closet staple. A pencil skirt is like your own personal magic fairy. All you 
need is ask, and it’ll grant all your wishes. Work, church, brunch, shopping - pencil skirts 
work for literally any occasion. They’re stretchy, comfy and they’re definitely never going 
out of style.  
 
There are so many outfits that you can make with a pencil skirt. They can be worn with 
heels, sandals, or sneakers. And best of all, you can buy them short, mid-length, or long. Pair 
your pencil skirt with a leather jacket and sneakers or a blazer and heels. Dress up with a 
formal floral blouse or dress down with a graphic tee. The possibilities with pencil skirts are 
literally endless! 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
5) V-Neck T-Shirt Dresses 
 
Flowy, comfy, versatile. You need a v-neck t-shirt dress. Your wardrobe is simply not 
complete without it. You can pair your v-neck t-shirt dress with just about anything and 
wear it just about anywhere. Sneakers, flip flops, or casual sandals are the perfect 
combination with your v-neck t-shirt dress for a relaxed day.  
 
If you’re looking to be a bit more dressed up heels, high knee boots, or dressy sandals are 
perfect combinations for a v-neck t-shirt dress. Regardless of your shoe or accessory choice, 
you’ll always be comfortable while wearing a t-shirt dress.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
6) Midi Skirts 
 
Owning a midi skirt is a necessity. Trendy and comfy midi skirts are a big must-have in your 
wardrobe! What are your plans today? Traveling on a dreamy European or Caribbean 
vacation? Wear a midi skirt. Going to work? Yup, you can wear a midi skirt. Heading to 
dinner with the love of your life? You can definitely wear a midi skirt! 
 
Midi skirts come in so many amazing patterns and colors, that it’ll be impossible to own just 
one. But don’t worry! Owning 100 can never be considered a crime. Pair your midi skirts 
with literally anything and leave your house feeling confident and gorgeous.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
When you own comfortable fashion trends that will never go out of style, you always have 
something to wear. Even if it’s just an errand day, leave your house feeling confident, 
beautiful, radiant, and always looking your best. 
Casual Dress for Women - Summer Trends 2023 
Summer is ahead and my feed has started popping up with the posts for the latest trends to 
look out for. Stylists have begun creating looks that would be trending this summer. This 
past year, during the lockdown we all have spent our days and nights in pajamas and 
nightwear. Some of you might still prefer slouchy clothes with light fabrics for work from 
home, most of us are pretty tired of it and want to hop on the latest trend bandwagon and 
try some new styles. To be honest, even my Insta needs some cheering up!  
 
It is being said that, as the previous year, 2023 will also be the year of comebacks. Like tie-
dye, which is still going strong, matching separates and oversized clothing has also made a 
banging comeback. Sadly, we aren’t still able to go out on a regular basis but that does not 
mean we can’t dress up a little for dinner at home, a zoom call to family and friends, or 
sizzle up a boring day. Here we have gathered some casual fashion trends and styles that 
are easy to achieve at home. These styles will give an edge to your everyday clothing. Give 
the list below a quick look. 
 
1) Statement Sleeve Tops 
 
It isn’t the first time this trend is in the spotlight. Every time the style returns, it is grander 
than before. For outings, you can go big and bold but as we are planning to stay indoors, 
keep it a little subtle and remember not to overdo it. Be it ruffled, victorian, bell, bishop, or 
balloon sleeves, pair it with a pair of denim shorts, your regular jeans, or a pair of plaid 
trousers to give it a smart casual look at the dinner table. Pair it with a pair of studs or a 
bracelet to keep it minimal. Statement sleeves being in demand, many websites have it on 
sale; order the one that reflects your style. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
2) Wide-Legged Pants (Palazzos)  
 
Wide-legged pants have become the reigning silhouette for bottoms in recent times. As we 
are staying indoors and it’s going to be summers, skinny jeans and fitted pants simply 
cannot be the go-to choice. Palazzo pants keep you comfortable and give room to breathe. 
We all have been praying secretly for these pants to be in fashion. Admit it now!  
 
Be it denim, printed, plain or plaid, it will suit a person of any age or whatever your body 
type. When staying indoors, pair it up with a casual t-shirt, a cardigan, or a crop top and 
enjoy. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
3) Matching Sets 
 
The ’70s matching sets styling trend has made an extravagant comeback this year. These 
sets come in different fabrics, colors, and styles including crop tops and skirts, shorts and 
blouses, sweatsuits, and many more. The matching sets can be a great addition to your 
wardrobe and come in very useful when you have online work meetings. They look stylish, 
sophisticated yet comfortable. It totally depends upon your preference if you want to go for 
solids, printed, or both. Put your hair in a sleek hairstyle that suits your face and you’re 
good to go for that work call.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
4) Scarf Tops 
 
One of the top trends of the ’90s and early 2000s, the scarf tops has also made a comeback 
and no doubt it will be ruling your Insta feeds this summer. Including Beyonce and Bella 
Hadid, many celebrities having been spotted sporting a scarf top. Almost everyone has 
invested in a square scarf as it is a staple in every closet. It is the most budget-friendly outfit 
that makes you stand out from the crowd. This summer when you’re visiting the beach, 
don’t forget to wear the scarf top! You can pair it with denim shorts or a pair of fitted pants. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
5) Oversized Clothing 
 
We no longer live in the times when oversized clothing is considered unfashionable. Rather, 
oversized t-shirts, sweatshirts, hoodies, jackets are very much in fashion these days, a lot of 
celebrities including Kim Kardashian, Rihanna, Hailey Beiber have been seen wearing it. 
 
It will keep you comfortable in the scorching summer heat by giving you a casual, laid-back 
yet chic look. You can pair it with pants of your choice or skip the bottoms. Style oversized 
garments with minimal accessories, a belt, sneakers, and sport a no-makeup look. You can 
wear it on your chore days, grocery runs, or a socially distant stroll in a park.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
6) Work Pants 
 
It has been a while since your work pants have seen the light of day. This whole past year 
when you’ve been working from home in your pajamas, you must have missed sporting that 
formal look that makes you feel like a boss lady. You need not worry because thankfully, we 
live in the times when fashion has no boundaries. We can sport a casual look at work and a 
formal one at… anywhere!  
 
Pull out those favorite work pants and style them up this summer. Wear it with a casual t-
shirt, a tank top, crop top, or a spaghetti-strapped blouse. Put on sneakers if opting for a 
casual look or pair it with matching heels for a date night. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
7) Graphic Tees 
 
A t-shirt is said to be the most expressive garment of all. It has evolved tremendously over 
the years, from being an undershirt to becoming one of the most fashionable clothing items. 
Coming on to graphic tees, it was first introduced in the 1960s but took the world by storm 
in the 70s and since then the trend is going strong. 
 
Youngsters to adults, everyone has graphic tees or a gameday shirt in their wardrobe and 
this summer as well you can wear your favorite graphic tee to make a statement. Pair it with 
shorts or a skirt or wear it oversized. You can never go wrong with the styling of a graphic t-
shirt. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Bottom Line 
 
All the trends and styling mentioned above are pretty easy to achieve and won’t have you 
going on a shopping spree and breaking your bank account to get a particular look. These 
items are pretty common, just explore your wardrobe and pair up some garments and 
accessories to achieve the required look and rock the summer like a queen. 
How to Slay in Leather Jackets this Spring 2023 
Spring is here, and we are ready to come out of hibernation. It is time to ditch the bulky 
sweaters and coats and bring out the dresses and skirts. One garment people often question 
wearing in the springtime is a leather jacket. Who said leather jackets are only meant for the 
fall and winter seasons? Leather jackets can be worn all year, so make sure not to stack 
them away after the last snowfall.  
However, you must be mindful of a couple of things before wearing leather jackets in the 
warmer months. First, opt for a lightweight leather jacket with a thin lining so it is airy and 
breathable. Second, avoid darker tones as they intensify high temperatures. Play with 
lighter tones instead.  
The following is a list of our top 4 picks for springtime. Let us get started.  
1.  Powder Pink Moto Leather Jacket 
Spring fashion is all about colors, so this powder pink moto leather jacket makes the perfect 
pick. Unlike the regular black and brown variants, this leather jacket comes as a breath of 
fresh air. Its stunning color exudes a chic and girly aura that will make you feel instantly 
prettier. Moreover, it is just one of those colors that stands out in the crowd. We have all 
seen neutral-toned leather jackets. It is time we tried out something different like this pastel 
powder pink number.  
Aside from the color, the cut and finish of a moto leather jacket are unparalleled. With its 
sleek and simple design and body-hugging silhouette, this jacket flatters all shapes and 
sizes. Its clean design allows the jacket's unique color to take center stage, the perfect pick 
for minimalists. If, however, you wish to opt for something fancier, by all means, opt for a 
moto jacket with details like embroidery and embellishments; they make the jacket look all 
the more special. For the spring season, make sure to opt for a light lining material so that 
your jacket is breathable and airy.  
Image Credit: Pinterest  
When it comes to styling, powder pink may seem like a tricky color to work with, but with 
the right color palette, it works beautifully every time. Pair your powder pink beauty with a 
plain white pleated dress, a flirty skirt, and a tank top, or sport it over a pair of everyday 
jeans and a tee. Easy, breezy, and beautiful, just like spring.  
2.  Lilac Leather Biker Jacket 
Spring is all about pretty pastels, and this lilac leather biker jacket is the hot new must-have 
for the season. Lilac is such a gorgeous color. It radiates a serene aura and looks supremely 
elegant and sophisticated. Leather jackets have always been known for their rogue and 
badass outlook. Therefore, a lilac-colored leather jacket never seemed like a doable idea 
until now. This perfect amalgamation of two contrasting auras is what we like to call 
harmonious perfection.  
Leather biker jackets are super edgy and bold, which is what makes this particular pick 
even more stunning to behold and adorn. The wide lapelled collar, the asymmetric zipper, 
and the slim-fit cut of a biker jacket are one that instantly adds an element of boldness to 
your ensemble. This lilac-hued number is perfect for you if you are looking to channel all the 
badass vibes while maintaining that chic, elegant, and feminine outlook. If you are looking to 
go the extra mile, opt for a studded leather jacket in the same color or try your luck with a 
leather vest as opposed to the conventional leather jacket.  
Image Credit: Pinterest  
Like the powder pink leather jacket, this lilac leather jacket also performs best when given 
the spotlight. It is an absolute beauty; surely, you must let it shine. Style your lilac leather 
jacket with a monochrome lilac or lavender ensemble (all the purple vibes!), or pair it with 
understated neutrals like a pair of beige pants and a white button-down shirt or a flirty 
printed chiffon sundress.  
If you are not a fan of color, lilac is the one color that will convert you; trust us. If you are 
searching for a spring season pick, this one is it.  
Also Read: How to Style a Leather Jacket in Different Ways 
3.  Applique Patchwork Leather Jacket 
The classic leather jackets are tried and tested, universal favorites. And rightly so; they are 
effortless, versatile, and timeless. However, sometimes, the heart craves for something 
different, something new. If you are on the search for something out-of-the-norm, an 
applique patchwork jacket is the one for you.  
Featuring a unique assortment of leather patches and other accessory details, an intricately 
crafted masterpiece is nothing short of art. What makes applique jackets even more special 
is that every piece is unique in its own way; the design always varies. Moreover, there are so 
many options to play with. Leather patches of different colors and textures, embellishments, 
and embroidery; you can create your own custom piece by making some tweaks.  
If you are a minimalist, play it safe with a monotone or dual-tone applique leather jacket. 
Monotone jackets feature leather patches of the same color but often varying textures to 
make them more interesting and attractive. Dual-toned jackets feature one more color to 
create a good contrast of color and texture.  
If you are on the search for a true statement piece, the sky is truly the limit. Graffiti-inspired 
patchwork leather jackets are all the rage right now. Featuring an array of leather patches 
intertwined with embellishments and accents that make the jacket all the more special, a 
jacket such as this one is a head-turner and the ultimate crowd-pleaser. Go as bright and 
bold as your heart desires; art is not a thing to be restricted.  
Coming to the cut, since the jacket canvas has so much going on, it is best to stick to 
understated cuts to balance everything out. A collarless straight-cut jacket or a sleek moto 
leather jacket cut works best in this situation.  
4.  Asymmetrical Collarless Jacket 
When it comes to leather jackets, we have seen them all. From the classic biker and bomber 
cuts to the sleek moto and shirt-cut fits, leather jackets are loved by one and all. Much like 
other trends, leather jackets too have been subject to innovation, and we are glad to have 
come up with some refreshingly unique designs such as this asymmetrical collarless jacket.  
Collarless jackets are the true embodiment of minimalism. They are clean, simple, and 
statement. Asymmetrical jackets are quirky. Combine the two, and you have something 
stunning. Asymmetrical collarless jackets are the perfect pick for you if you are on the hunt 
for something minimal but not basic. Unique, easygoing, and effortless; it ticks all the boxes.  
Style your asymmetrical collarless jacket with anything from a dress to jeans to everything 
in between. This is perhaps the easiest one to style of the lot. When it comes to colors, stick 
to the spring color palette. Play with muted tones like understated neutrals (white, camel, 
brown) or vibrant colors, including both bright and muted tones like the yellows, millennial 
pinks, and greens.  
Parting thoughts 
Leather jackets are perfect for all-year-round wear. They are light, breathable, and easy. 
Moreover, they are super versatile; how could you say no to them? This spring season, try 
your luck with our top four picks and turn heads wherever you go. 
Fashion Essentials for Destination Wedding 2023 
Destination weddings are extremely special, as you get to spend your wedding day in a 
beautiful location surrounded by the people you love. Aside from the day itself, you will 
want to look your best in the days before and days after the wedding. So, we have put 
together must-have fashion essentials to help you look amazing and feel even better during 
your time away! From simple brown heeled sandals and beautiful swimwear to statement 
sunglasses and necklaces, these beautiful pieces will make sure you turn heads for all the 
right reasons. 
 
1) Brown Heeled Sandals 
 
When you are packing for your destination wedding, it is best to pack diverse items that you 
can wear over and over to save space. Believe us, you can’t go wrong with the brown heeled 
sandals!  This shoe is perfect as it is very neutral, so will accompany any evening outfit 
beautifully. Also, it is nice and cool so if you were heading for a fancy lunch or dress fitting 
appointment and wanted to feel your best, you can!  
 
Invest in a good pair of brown sandals, as you will find yourself wearing them year after 
year. Plus, knowing they were bought for your wedding vacation will bring back happy 
memories every time you wear them. Just one quick tip, make sure the heel isn’t too high as 
you don't want your feet to ache on your big day!  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
2) Beautiful Swimwear 
 
If your destination wedding is near the beach or has access to the pool, beautiful swimwear 
is a must. This is the perfect opportunity to go all out with your swimwear and make a 
statement. In the days running up to the wedding, make sure you have a strapless bikini or 
costume to avoid unwanted tan marks! Once you have had your wedding day, you can go 
wild with all sorts of crazy designs if that’s your thing.  
 
Go for something blingy like a jewel bikini, or keep things more simple with a subtle black 
swimsuit. Don’t forget to take a beach coverup like a fancy sarong or comfy beach pants, and 
of course a glam beach bag! Make the most of your stunning destination and soak up the sun 
in your beautiful swimwear.  
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
3) Lightweight Evening Jacket 
 
Depending on your location, the temperature could dip in the evenings, so packing a 
lightweight evening jacket is a must. Something like a lightweight cardigan or denim jacket 
would work well and will go with most outfit choices, especially gorgeous cocktail dresses!  
 
You don’t want your precious time away with your loved ones to be cut short because it’s 
too cold, so be prepared and you will have nothing to worry about. Roll up your jacket 
tightly at the bottom of your bag and it won’t be any bother.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
4) Statement Sunglasses 
 
You’re likely to be taking lots of pictures when you are away, so if you don’t want to risk 
squinting too much on your special photos, make sure to take some statement sunglasses 
with you. You will look effortlessly stylish and you will have a great new accessory in your 
lovely photos!  
 
Everyone suits different sunglasses, however, a firm favorite for many people are oversized 
frames. This is a great way to make a statement without any crazy colors or patterns. Just 
make sure you occasionally take them off to prevent unwanted tan lines, especially before 
the wedding.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
5) Statement Necklace 
 
You want to look as glam as possible during your special trip, and one way to add glamour 
to any outfit is with a statement necklace. Pick a more simple outfit and pair it with a 
statement necklace to take it to another level. A white dress with a bright, colorful necklace 
works amazingly, especially when paired with a more simple bag and shoes. Whilst they 
aren’t necessarily for everyday wear, you will look and feel amazing as soon as you put it on.  
 
Statement necklaces have been in style for years, and it looks like that isn’t going to change 
anytime soon, so invest in a few different pieces so you always have different options. 
Experiment with a range of colors and textures to find your own unique style. Any vacation 
outfit isn’t complete with a few accessories, yet a statement necklace will make you stand 
out from the crowd for all the right reasons! 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Also Read: How to Plan Destination Wedding on Budget 
 
6) Raffia Handbag 
 
The most on-trend vacation accessory you can find is a raffia handbag. These gorgeous, 
neutral bags look beautiful but they are also more sustainable than other bags thanks to 
their natural material. Just try to avoid ones with plastic linings and you’ll be good to go! 
Best of all, they go with everything so you will save plenty of packing space for more 
important things. The subtle color of the bag works especially well with beautiful bright 
outfits! 
 
You can get miniature sizes if you only need to take a few bits on the go, or larger over-the-
shoulder bags which are perfect for the evening as you can easily carry your lightweight 
jacket. Whether you decide to get a designer raffia bag or a highstreet version, there are 
plenty of options on the market, so you will find something perfect for you.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Final Thoughts 
 
Of course, your wedding day is the focus of the trip, however, putting some thought into 
your fashion essentials for before and after the big day will help to make the entire 
experience all the more special. You want to look and feel better than ever and with these 
bits and pieces, you will have all the confidence in the world to be yourself and enjoy the 
time away! Plus, these items are timeless, so you can continue to enjoy them after the 
wedding.  
Bralette vs Sports Bra - How to Choose in 2023 
Every type of bra or lingerie piece has a purpose for which it is meant to be worn. You don't 
have to follow the rule that one type of bra goes with everything. Explore the lingerie world 
and you will find that the variety is meant to benefit you. There has been an evolution of 
bras since they were first made. Now you can get a bra for each type of need that you have. 
From activewear to casual wear, you have something to choose from.  
 
Sports bras and bralettes are the two members of the vast lingerie world that need to be 
given the attention they deserve. This post will help you know all about sports bras and 
bralettes, and how they are different and similar to one another in their usage and support. 
 
What is a Bralette and its Uses? 
 A bralette is a more relaxed and casual version of a bra. It provides coverage and comes 
with removable pads. The designs and patterns are numerous when it comes to bralettes. 
They look sassy and elegant even if they are worn all alone. They are fashionable and trendy 
in terms of their neckline and strappy details. 
 
Bralettes can also be understood as a mix between a crop top and a sports bra. You can 
ditch your regular bra and wear a bralette that is a much comfier option, non-constricting 
and provides necessary coverage for your breasts. They are also mostly made of 
comfortable and breathable material so they can become your go-to option for everyday 
casual wear.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
When it comes to the usability of a bralette, there are many. They can be worn underneath 
your clothing as well as just as it is as a sexy crop top. They are great for layering 
underneath a jacket or a blazer which will give you a confident boss lady feels. Those who 
want little support can go for the padded bralettes and flaunt their curves. Bralettes are 
available for all sizes of women and no matter what size you are there's a bralette for you. 
 
Also Read - How to Style a Bralette  
 
What is a Sports Bra and its Uses?  
 A sports bra we all know is meant to be worn while doing sports activities like fuming, 
playing a sport, running, or even yoga. Breasts are sensitive and need to be protected while 
doing physical exercises or workouts. Sports bras are necessary to wear during all these 
physical activities because they hold your breasts in place which prevents injury and 
soreness that may result from the up and down motion in the breasts.  
 
Based on the type of workout sports bras comes in three variants that provide different 
supports.  
 
•  Low-Impact Sports Bras: For workouts like yoga or meditation you don't need much 
support as there is little to no movement in the breasts and low-impact sports bras are ideal 
for this. 
•  Medium-Impact Sports Bras: These provide support to the breasts to restrict excessive 
movement that could result in injury. These come with removable pads and are ideal for 
workouts like running. 
•  High Impact Sports Bras: They provide coverage and encapsulation of the breasts to 
restrict movement during physically strenuous exercises and are ideal for maximum 
support.  
 
Sports bras are not a boring category of lingerie to explore. There are many different types 
of sports bras out there that provide the support that you need and they are also cute. Apart 
from the regular black and grey colors, there are many more to seek.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Also Read - Benefits of Wearing the Right Sports Bra 
 
Difference between Sports Bra and Bralette 
 
The differences between bralette and sports bra cannot be ignored. Below are listed some 
of them to help you understand them better: 
 
•  A sports bra is heavily padded which is necessary to fulfill its function of supporting the 
breasts and holding them in place. A bralette comes with no or removable padding and you 
choose however you want to wear it. 
 
•  Sports bras are worn while working out and can be worn underneath your workout wear 
or on their own. While bralettes with their beautiful designs and patterns are meant to be 
seen when you wear them. 
 
•  Sports bras that are heavy-duty ones are made for vigorous activities while for activities 
like yoga you can opt for a bralette instead of a sports bra as this activity doesn't cause 
much movement in the breasts. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Similarities Between a Sports Bra and a Bralette 
 Despite the differences between a sports bra and a bralette, they both have a similarity that 
they are stylish to wear. They elevate your boring regular outfit. A sports bra looks so sassy 
while providing support during a workout. With the zipper in front and racerback in the 
back, it makes you look and feel confident in yourself. 
 A bralette on the other hand does the same for your everyday outfit giving you options to 
style it differently each time you wear it. Wear a bralette as a crop top or style it underneath 
a sheer top, the choice is up to you. But the bralette will always end up making you look 
sexy and feel comfortable.  
 
Image Credit: Nia Sharma (Instagram) 
 
Summing Up   
 
Both the sports and the bralette are ideal to wear in summer. Sports bras are made up of 
breathable material and absorb perspiration. Bralettes also provide comfort and 
breathability. There you know all the things you need to know about a sports bra and a 
bralette. Choose for yourself between the two keeping all the aspects in mind and according 
to your need and comfort. Both have their place in the lingerie world that has something to 
offer for everyone. 
 
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)  
 
1) Can you wear bralettes as bras? 
 
Yes, you can experiment with wearing bralettes as regular bras. They come in several 
designs & patterns with a beautiful neckline and help you look sassy. If you are concerned 
about the nip slip, we recommend you consider using stick-ons.  
 
2) Does wearing a bralette cause sagging? 
 
The short answer is No. There is no scientific evidence available that can support the 
statement that wearing a bralette can cause the sagging of boobs. Therefore, you don't need 
to worry about the sagging of your boobs when wearing a bralette for any time duration.   
 
3) Can I wear bralette for exercise? 
 
It's not advisable to wear a bralette for exercise or high-impact workouts. Since bralettes 
are not designed to reduce the movement of breasts during high-impact workouts. Instead, 
it is recommended to choose the right sports bra depending on how much support you 
need.  
 
4) Is it okay to wear a sports bra in public?  
 
Yes, it is completely fine to wear a sports bra in public. Many girls these days wear sports 
bra outside of the gym when going out for a walk in the morning or a taking a stroll in the 
evening. You may also find many girls wearing a sports bra while travelling in a metro train. 
As long as you are comfortable wearing a sports bra, you can wear it anywhere.  
 
5) Do bralettes cause sagging? 
 
Sagging of breasts is a natural process that can't be averted. However, if you wear the right 
supportive bra, you can reduce the chances of breasts sagging at an early age. Wearing a 
bralette does not cause sagging at all, it is a myth that needs to be busted right away. 
 
How to Pick the Right Sports Bra (Glamrs by Purplle) 
Why Saree Shapewear is Popular + Benefits 
Sarees are such an integral part of our culture, and while we can test and rock clothing from 
cultures all around the world, the grace and beauty that emanate from the simplest of 
sarees are unmatched. Sarees have a way of really grounding you while giving you the 
upliftment and confidence you need to flaunt your culture's most deep-rooted clothing 
style. However, for the modern woman who struggles to fully own her body shape, it can 
become difficult to completely embrace and show it off with style. 
 
Shapewear for saree effectively and quickly solves this problem for you. This type of 
shapewear targets your abdomen, thighs, and back and compresses them. Shapewear for 
saree has gained a lot of popularity among women as inner wear for many different reasons. 
Enlisted below are some benefits of saree shapewear and also there is a VIDEO below on 
"how to style saree shapewear". Don't forget to watch it.  
 
5 Benefits of Wearing a Saree Shapewear Over a Traditional Petticoat in 2022 
 
1) No Drawstring Chafing 
 
Many people avoid wearing sarees because handling all the drapes of a saree along with the 
flowy petticoats with a tight drawstring isn't comfortable. The string isn't adjustable once 
it's tied and that can cause chafing on your waistline, but this is not an issue with shapewear 
for saree. Shapewear comes with an elastic band that sits just right and holds your saree 
perfectly. 
 
2) Better Comfort Than Traditional Petticoats 
 
Traditional petticoats are often made of materials like cotton and are flowy with a lot of 
fabric. This isn't the most comfortable situation when wearing a saree, as the petticoat can 
restrict movement. Shapewear for saree sticks to your body comfortably, giving you more 
room to move. It's made of spandex material which is equipped with moisture-wicking 
technology to keep you dry and super comfortable. The best part of saree shapewear is that 
you can wear it every day for around 10-12 hours with no hassle.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
3) More Breathable 
 
Heat can be a significant concern when wearing sarees as the multiple layers of saree with 
the petticoat can get too bulky. However, saree shapewear is greatly helpful when it comes 
to breathability. It's made of smooth, comfortable fabric that molds itself according to your 
body and allows your skin to breathe. 
 
4) Versatile 
 
While saree shapewear is absolutely perfect for sarees, that's not all you can use it with. 
Shapewear for saree is also really good when worn underneath other long clothing items 
like lehenga, gowns, maxi dresses, and more. They work their magic the same way with 
these dresses. 
 
5) Compliments Your Figure and Make You Look Slim 
 
This is one of the main purposes of saree shapewear and the reasons why it's so popular. 
Traditional petticoats can give your saree an unflattering shape, but shapewear for saree 
only enhances your figure and helps you look slim. It compresses your curves ever so 
slightly to smooth out the area and properly bring out your natural shape. This gives you 
the perfect silhouette you can flaunt your saree in.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
If you are a saree lover or would like to start wearing them, shapewear for saree is an 
absolute game-changer. Shop till your heart's content for the best saree shapewear out 
there from Zivame. You'll find everything you need in the extensive range consisting of the 
most vibrant colors at affordable rates. Your saree style will be forever changed with this 
fantastic saree shapewear, so get on board already! 
 
Watch VIDEO on "How To Style Saree Shapewear" by Perkymegs  
 
 
Frequently Asked Question (FAQs)  
 
1) How do I choose the right size of saree shapewear?  
 
Selecting the right size of saree shapewear is as easy as 1,2,3. You just need to know the 
exact size of your waist and hips. For instance, if your waist size is 31-33 and your hip size is 
26-29, you should go for the medium (M) size. If your waist size is 33-36 and your hip size is 
29-32, then the large (L) size of saree shapewear is the best fit for you. However, if your 
waist size is 36-39 and your hip size is 32-35, then you should consider the XL size.  
 
2) Is saree shapewear comfortable? 
 
Yes, saree shapewear is more comfortable than petticoats. Unlike traditional petticoats that 
restrict movement, shapewear provides you more room to walk comfortably. 
Fashion Forecast- Trendiest Prints of 2023 
Binging Netflix for 8 hours straight, baking, cleaning, online meetings, online classes, rather 
I should say sleeping in online classes. These were the major 2021-2022 trends. Another 
thing that was in rave was being in pajamas all the time. But it’s finally 2023 and we have 
high hopes for 2023 to be a good year. 
Talking about the new year, we are definitely going to go out a little more and for sure going 
to step out of our pajamas and get back to our fashion A-game. This year for the spring 2023 
show, designers have focused a lot on prints. So, here we have a list of some printed fashion 
trends for the year. 
 
#1 Floral Blur 
 We’ve heard about floral prints, ‘floral blur’ is something new for us. So, what is a floral 
blur? Floral blur prints are inspired by pictures of flowers and not flowers itself. The 
pictures are deliberately blurred using soft focus lenses or filters. This provides a unique 
edge to the classic floral prints fabric. This pattern is portrayed by using digital print and 
even embroidery.  
 
Image Credit: fabcurate 
 
#2 Tie and Dye 
 Tie-dye is suddenly all over YouTube, Instagram, SnapChat, and Facebook feeds, and it 
could because it's such an accessible trend. It is so easy, just some rubber band and/or 
strings are tied in some portions of cotton or muslin fabric and then put on the stove for 
dyeing. This print can be achieved easily on any fabric be it cotton, linen even organza 
fabric. Tie and dye look super cool on everything- clothes and accessories, because a splash 
of colors always lighten up the mood.  
 
Image Credit: fabcurate 
 
#3 Paradise 
 Designers have been seeking inspiration from nature since forever. And plant-related stuff 
always tops the list. Therefore, even in 2023, designers have continued their obsession for 
plants by taking huge leaves as their inspiration. Humongous leaves are printed creatively 
in the tints and tones of green or pink. Thought styling this trend can be tough, so here’s a 
tip. Wear solid colors to accentuate the overall look.   
 
Image Credit: fabcurate 
 
#4 Abstract 
 Fashion now a day is all about experimenting and having fun. And these abstract prints are 
the perfect exemplar for this. Abstract lets designers use their imagination to their full 
potential and give freedom to promote their creativity to the fullest. No specific motif, or 
object, or impressions are used to create abstract prints. Just amalgamation of different 
shapes, colors, and gestures are used to achieve something artistic. 
 
Image Credit: fabcurate 
 
#5 Checks Pattern  
 
Checks pattern when simplified is nothing but horizontal and vertical stripes intersecting to 
form a square-like pattern. Inspiration for checks pattern have been the board game of 
chess. Checks pattern/print used to hold a very low status, until Burberry introduced a 
checkered collection. It changed the people’s perspective towards checkered pattern. This 
year too, this pattern is going to be one of the top trending prints which we are going to see 
on the streets but with bright and contrasting hues. Checks on checks will be on rage in 
2023.  
Image Credit: fabcurate 
 
#6 Surreal Paisley  
 
Paisley is an ornamental textile pattern using the boteh or buta, a tear-like pattern with a 
curved top end. This year stylized versions of paisley are used to give the user vintage yet 
modern vibes. Earthy tones are tremendously used in this collection. In India, paisley holds 
an honorable place as paisley motifs are used since ages. And now, a fresh breeze of 
creativity is flowing in 2023 which will change people’s perspective towards paisley patter. 
 
Image Credit: fabcurate 
 
#6 Twisted Geometry 
 Geometry is understandable, but understanding twisted geometry twists our mind, quite 
literally. Twisted geometric fashion is a step ahead of basic geometric fashion. It consists of 
shapes but in an unusual and in abstract manner creating an illusion for the viewer. Bright 
colors such as pink, blue, yellow, and green are the star of this collection. This print is going 
to be the most talked about because of its exceptional concept. Every fashion enthusiast is 
going to wear this print at least once this year and style it in the most unexceptional way.  
Image Credit: fabcurate 
 
Now that you know, what trends are going to bombard in 2023, it’s time for you to kill with 
your deadly looks (not literally). And to save you guys from the vigorous long hours of 
market hunt, Fabcurate has every print that has been or is going to be in trend. It is your 
one-stop solution for fabrics. It’s like bread and butter. And, and, and you can avail extra 
10% discount by using the code - TASHIARAXFABCURATE10.  
Cocktail Attire for Women 2023 - Dos & Don'ts 
Ladies, it's time to dial up the glam and step into the captivating world where fashion meets 
celebration – welcome to the world of cocktail attire for women. It's not just about the 
clinking glasses and effervescent laughter; it's about making a statement, embodying 
sophistication, and owning the spotlight.  
 
In a world where nights out become unforgettable memories, your choice of cocktail attire 
is your ticket to the magic. The glow of city lights, the hum of music, and the air abuzz with 
anticipation set the stage for an ensemble that stands out, turns heads, and speaks volumes. 
In this blog post, we're your fashion compass navigating the maze of cocktail attire.  So, 
whether you're a trendsetter or a classic connoisseur, get ready to make heads turn, hearts 
skip a beat, and your style becomes the life of the party.   
 Do’s and Don’ts of a Cocktail Attire for 2023 
 
1) Don’t Reveal too Much 
 
Keep in mind that cocktail attire must not be too revealing. Looking sexy is everyone’s top 
priority but refrain from wearing anything inappropriate because it is a strict no-no for 
cocktail attire 2023. Instead of mini cocktail dresses, try out the fitted midi cocktail dresses. 
Avoid plunging necklines; choose scoop, V-shaped, off-shoulder, or straight across necklines 
that are flattering, sexy, and yet appropriate for all types of events. Here are some ideas for 
sexy cocktail dresses that you must check out. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest (summer cocktail attire) 
 2) Don’t Go for Casual Fabrics 
 
Casual fabrics like denim, spandex, or jersey aren’t ideal for the cocktail dress 2023 code. 
Your cocktail outfit must look elegant and refined. Fabrics such as crepe, chiffon, satin, or 
lace are much better. Not only they are comfortable, but these are high-end fabrics that act 
out perfectly for any dress style.  
 
Image credit: couturecandy (business cocktail attire 2023) 
 3) Do Wear Heels and Avoid Wearing Sneakers  
 
Your footwear is a crucial part of the entire attire. It completes your look perfectly. With 
cocktail dresses, only heels can go ideally. Whether you are comfortable with high-pointed 
heels or mid-wedge heels, it’s up to you and your dress but avoid flip-flops, sneakers, or 
anything flat because they don’t go well with the dress and are more of a mismatch. 
Remember that your aim is to look not too casual and not too formal but a flawless 
combination of both.  
 
Image credit: Pinterest (cocktail party attire 2023) 
 
4) Do Carry a Clutch and Avoid an Oversized Bag  
 
It is true that the purse of a woman has pretty much everything required for her to go 
through the night without any mishaps. Form makeup to safety pins, band-aids to cash- we 
carry everything in our sling bags but if you’re going to dress up according to the cocktail 
dress 2023 code, the oversized purse or sling bag has to be avoided as it does not look as 
classy as the overall attire. Instead, carry clutches. They are elegant just like the designer 
short or long cocktail dresses that you’re going to put on for the party.  
 
Image credit: Pinterest (women's cocktail attire 2023) 
 
5) Avoid Floor-Kissing Ballgowns  
 
Don't make a style blunder by choosing a floor-length ballgown, instead, save it for 
Weddings, Prom Nights, Gala, Red Carpet, and Black Tie Events. For a Cocktail Event 2023, 
you should consider a dress having a mini or midi length but be cautious of hemlines.  
 
Image credit: Pinterest (cocktail fashion 2023) 
 
6) Don’t Go Over the Top With the Skirt  
 
By that we mean not to wear poofy skirts with a big train as it is more on the fancy and 
gorgeous side. You are free to try out trendy cocktail gowns with a brush train or tea-length 
dresses that will make you look charming and graceful. Ideally, it is said that cocktail attires 
must be above the knee-length but a little improvisation is going to bring about a unique 
factor.  
 
Image credit: Pinterest (cocktail attire women 2023) 
 
7) Do Accessorize in a Sophisticated Way 
 
Without proper accessories, wearing your dream dress will only be half the job done. That’s 
why it is important to put on the right fashion accessories that complement your dress and 
complete your attire. However, for 2023 cocktail attire, you have to keep it simple yet 
noticeable. For instance, there’s no need to go multicolor but a contrasting effect looks 
rather classy.  
 
Image credit: Pinterest (cocktail dress trends 2023) 
 
Cocktail attire is not just about fashion; it's about confidence, elegance, and celebrating the 
moments that truly matter. As you step into the world of clinking glasses and vibrant 
conversations, let your outfit be the conversation starter, the memory maker, and the 
embodiment of your unique style. 
 
Bonus Video - Cocktail Dress Code 2023 by Jamila Musayeva  
 
 
Happy Styling! 
 
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) 
 
1) What should I not wear to a cocktail party? 
 
For a cocktail party, you should avoid wearing a lot of statement accessories, instead wear 1 
elegant accessory that standout. You should not wear hair ties on your wrist, instead wear a 
cute bracelet that complements your outfit. You should also avoid wearing jeans or denim 
shorts, instead, you can go for sleek trousers. Lastly, you also should also not wear a maxi 
dress for a cocktail party. 
 
2) What to wear over a cocktail dress? 
 
If you have to attend a wedding reception, an office party, or a gala and you're wondering 
what to wear over a cocktail dress, we'll recommend you some of the best options. You can 
pair it with a blazer, bomber jacket, fur wraps/faux fur wraps, vests, shrugs, trench coats, 
capes/shawl, bolero jackets, kimonos, etc., and slay any event.  
 
3) What is a cocktail length dress? 
 
The length of a cocktail dress depends upon the person. For a formal event, you can go for a 
length that varies from below the knee to just above the knee. However, for semi-formal 
events, you can choose a short cocktail dress having a length of somewhere around 
midthigh. Complement your outfit with a pair of sexy heels and matching accessories and 
you're ready to rock.  
Bright Hues Will Take Over Streets in 2023: Fashion Talk 
The fashion spectrum around the world usually resonates with the glass-half-full 
philosophy. But when it comes to the spring collection for the New Year, every designer 
turns into a unicorn spewing glitters and rainbows across the ramps.  
 
The spring collections are filled with bright hues and pretty colors that evoke a sense of 
hope and purpose in the lives of the people. Especially after a year as gloomy and restless as 
2021, the designers had a lot of responsibility on their shoulders to sustain the hopes and 
joys of the fashion enthusiasts.  
 
While everyone was left locked in their home, fearing from COVID-19, the world needed to 
see a lot of canary yellow and peachy pinks to get back on track and remain resilient in the 
coming weeks.  
 
Why so bright? You may wonder… 
 
The bright hues behind the spring collection of 2023 are not a result of Crayola-fest 
amongst fashion headquarters. Psychologists from the field of fashion have collectively 
stated that our relationship with colors has evolved at an unprecedented rate.  
 
The era of post-modern subjectivity has helped color and clothing establish a strong 
connection that allows them both to break free of the monotony and limits of everyday life. 
 
Darker colors, generally, elicit a somber mood and emotions that are hard to articulate. But 
on the other hand, bright and light colors evoke positive emotions that are necessary for the 
sustenance of joy and positive energy amongst the masses.   
 
Some colors enhance moods, which is precisely what drives the emotions behind innovative 
ideas of the 2023 collections. Since styling one’s aura is an essential step for the beginning 
of a new phase, the wardrobe and sartorial choices are an easy choice for each individual. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
If you wonder about the new colors for the year 2023, then without much ado, let’s jump 
right into them!  
 
Pastel Yellow 
 
Pastel and pale yellow are the colors of likability, happiness, and being jovial. It is a color 
that mitigates stress in any social situation. The color projects happiness and impacts the 
psyche of the wearer and those wearing it. This is one of the reasons why the dazzling 
spring collections of Jil Sander, Ferragamo, and Peter Do featured some of the prettiest 
pieces in color.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Lovely Lavenders 
 
The next most significant trend was a large number of lavender numbers in the season. 
Purple is the color of royalty, opulence, and regality. The use of purple also carries a 
secretive meaning that points towards the psychological impact of the color.  
 
The entire world has been stuck in limbo after a terrible year of loss and grief. The color 
purple and precisely the shade of lavender have a calming effect on every audience. It is a 
color that reminds one of simpler times and remnants of glory that must be reignited. The 
collections of Baum, Valentino, and Pferdgarten are a testament to the fact! 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Rebellious Red 
 
The spring collection of 2023 featured a couple of cherry red pieces. While the fall of 2021 
was the showcase for monochromatic reds, the spring of 2023 had a romantic blaze to it. 
Legendary design powerhouses like Givenchy and Channel, Fendi, and Hermes chose to 
indulge in the color of confidence, rebellion, and fiery love.  
 
The shade can be paired with pale pink to get a casual look for the streets, or you can 
casually tone it down with the help of a plus-size leather jacket. You can incorporate this 
dress through makeup, accessories, and even complete costumes in the spicy color of 
rebellion.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Trendy Turquoise 
 
Turquoise makes an excellent choice for aesthetic pleasure and ruffled sleeves. It carries 
hippie energy, which flows naturally, connecting everyone to the one omniscient energy of 
the universe.  
 
The color was thoroughly exhibited in the collection of Ulla Johnson, and it also enjoyed a 
spot of fame and glory in the books of Louis Vuitton and Christopher John Rogers. While the 
former was focused on the feelings of nature and healing, the latter reminded the world of 
the new boundaries that need to be established in the name of social distancing. Turquoise 
is an undertone of serenity and soothing energies. It is expected to go big this year for sure! 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Tropical Tangerine 
 
Orange is the color of creativity and independence. It is a surprise addition to the collections 
of Mara Hoffman and Maryam Nassir Zadeh, but it was indeed necessary to set the mood 
straight for the following year.  
 
While most people worry about caution and comfort while trying something new, the exact 
color of tangerine is a test of one’s fearlessness and audacity in the face of uncertainty. It is a 
powerful color that must be embraced for its liveliness and vitality. It is a color that evokes 
a sense of purpose and must be used with reckless abandon to bring everything back to life.  
 
Also Read: How to style palazzo pants  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Generous Greens 
 
Green is the color of rebirth, hope, and fertility. The fresh and vibrant shades of green tend 
to be the epitome of these feelings. The color is often considered as the flagbearer of 
optimism and hope, which is why the 2023 collections endorsed it with such vigor.  
 
From Victoria Beckham to Michael Kors, everyone chose to assign a significant portion of 
their collection to the color and subconscious meanings of growth, expansion, focus, 
ambition, and determination.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Peachy Pinks 
 
Last but not least is pink. It is a typically feminine shade that is arguably outdated and 
traditional in the spring collection. Psychologically the color breaks norms and is a bold 
choice for making a statement. Cecilie Bahnsen and Stella McCartney have used the variant 
shades of pink in a brilliant method to show the world how the power of peachy pinks and 
majestic magenta can be embraced.  
 
Also Read: Stylish Designer Kurtis To Add to Your Wardrobe 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Final Thoughts 
 
The bright hues of 2023 are like a promise of rebirth and vitality. The spring collections 
have reiterated a new sense of hope and joy that has worked well in sparking hope amongst 
the dejected audiences worldwide. Let's hope that these promises are fulfilled, and this 
world restores its health! 
15 Trendy Nail Art Designs for Christmas 2023 
Christmas is not far enough and it is the time for celebration. We know about the current 
situation but some makeover would always make you happy. Have you tried the Christmas 
nail art or nail art that is inspired by this occasion? If not, then what are you doing? People 
are crazy about Christmas-inspired nail art and so it is trending. No, you are not late as 
Christmas has a month to come. It is your time to copy some of the best nail art for this big 
day. Here are some of the: 
 
15 Latest Nail Art Designs for Christmas 2023 
 
1) The Addition of Neon 
 Neon colors would make your nails pop. You can pair it up with either silver or golden color 
to make it Christmas nail art. Part your nail into two equal parts and fill one part with silver 
or golden nail polish. Fill the rest part of the nail with a neon color of your choice. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
2) Multi-colored Glittered Nails 
 If you don’t want to do any nail art but want your nails to be ready for the occasion then 
this is the one for you. Here you have to find a nail polish that has multi-colored glitters or 
you can even DIY it by mixing glitters. Put it on your nails and you are done. 
 
Also Read: What to Dress for New Year's Eve Party 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
3) Strings Christmas Light Nail Art 
 This has to be the best Christmas nail art that you can get in the year 2023. This is so pretty 
and it is inspired by the occasion of Christmas. Here you have to arrange some colorful glass 
beads and a golden string. Now coat your nails with clear glitter nail polish. Attach some 
glass beads to your nails and attach the string as well to complete the look. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
4) Gradient Shades of Green  
 
If you are a newbie in nail art and you cannot get any nail art perfectly then you should start 
with this nail art. You have to select some deep to light shades of green for the nail art. 
Apply each shade on each finger to complete the nail art. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
5) Marble Green Nail Art with a Touch of Gold 
 This has to be the prettiest Christmas nail art to have in 2023 This is again very easy if you 
know about marble nail prints. You can coat your nails with a clear base and then have a 
green marble effect on the top corner of your nails. Finish the look by adding some gold leaf 
on top of the nails. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
6) Green Tone Lines 
 This is again a very beautiful yet elegant Christmas nail art. This would look beautiful on 
long nails. Here you have to get some green-toned nail polishes for this nail art. Apply a 
nude color as your base of the nail and then draw dramatic lines on the nails with a green 
color. Follow the line with another shade of green and you can repeat it with other green 
shades also.  
 
Image Credit: Glamour  
 
7) Sparkled Snowflakes 
 If you are skilled in painting then this nail art is for you. Here you have to coat your nails 
well with white glitter. Double-coat the glitters to make your nail look intense. Now take 
white nail polish and a thin brush to draw a snowflake on your nail. This would turn out to 
be beautiful if done in the correct way. 
 
Image Credit: nailspix 
 
8) Evergreen Gold Christmas Nails 
 If you don’t want to spend in parlors but want to have pretty nails then this is the one for 
you. You can easily get it done at your home. Start with a beige base and then add a forest 
green color on the top corner. To complete the look, you have to swipe a stripe of golden 
nail color. Finish it off with clear gel polish.  
 
Image Credit: YouTube  
 
9) Christmas Cranberry Nail Art 
 This is again one of the easiest nail art designs for Christmas. If you have a cranberry nail 
color and some clear glitter then you are good to go. After setting your nails, you have to 
color them with a gorgeous cranberry color. Top the ring finger and the middle fingernails 
with clear glitter polish to complete the look.  
 
Image Credit: Blogspot 
 
10) Chromatic Green Nail Manicure 
 This is again a very easy nail art that you can achieve just in a few minutes. You have to 
start with shaping your nails and then fill the grown part of the nail with chromatic green 
color. This would reflect in light to make your nails look pretty. Have a coat of clear polish 
over the nails to finish the nail art. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
11) Blue Nails for Christmas 
 This is again a simple nail art where you would be playing with shades of blue. Select some 
of your favorite shades of blue and get it on your nails. Now apply blue glitter on your ring 
finger to make the nail art look the best.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
12) A Confetti Nail Art for Christmas 
 This is not very easy and it would even take your time but it would turn out to be gorgeous. 
Here you have to apply the base coat on your nails and then stick nail stones. Fill your entire 
nail with lots of nail stones and then apply top-coat to secure the nail stones.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
13) Ombre Red Nails 
 Red is the universal color that suits everyone and red color would give you Christmas vibes 
as well. To get this look, you have to apply a base coat on your nail. The main task here is to 
apply two tones of red color on a sponge and then dab that sponge on your nails. Finish the 
look with the top-coat and clean the edges.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
14) Christmas Ornaments Nails 
 This Nail art would give you complete Christmas vibes. Here you have to collect Christmas 
nail ornament stick-on stickers. Now paint the base with nude color and then stick the 
sticker on top of it. Apply clear gel polish for that shine on your nails. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
15) Green Nails with Gold studs 
 
This is an easy nail art that you can achieve in a couple of minutes. Here you have to paint 
your nails with a pretty green color and then put a golden stud on the nail. Always finish 
this nail art by applying some clear gel polish.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
So, are you excited about looking to these styles? Well, you can get even more classy & sassy 
ideas on fashionterest. Make your Christmas a memorable event with our fashion styles. 
 
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)  
 
1) What are the popular colors for nail art designs in 2023? 
 
The colors that are in trend this year for nail art include neutrals and sheers, pastels, tinted 
grays, classic blue, red, dark green, metallic, milky ombré, gradient nails, etc.  
 
2) What color nails do guys like the most on a girl? 
 
Boys or men pay the most attention to a girl who is wearing these color shades on her nails - 
coral, lavender, nude, cream, beige, ruby red, emerald, plum, ballet slipper pink, etc.  
10 Celebrity Inspired Gym Looks in 2023 to Pull Off 
If you are regularly hitting the gym, you are probably sticking to the classic - simple leggings 
and an oversized t-shirt. Well, it's just one combination you could try out - why not spice it 
up a bit and motivate yourself with cool gym outfits inspired by celebrities? 
 
Some celebrities are as creative in picking out gym clothing as any other outfit. You should 
do the same - stay stylish and original even when you're breaking a sweat in the gym. Don't 
think you couldn't pull off the same outfit as Kendall Jenner or Bella Hadid - try it and see 
for yourself how a great gym outfit could make you work out even harder. And let's not 
forget what else celebrities are introducing to the world - they are wearing gym wear as 
daywear.  
 
In other words, crop tops, leggings, trainers, hoodies - they all don't get to shine just at the 
gym or on the way to the gym. Celebrities are now wearing them any time of the day and 
many times they don't have their workout planned. 
 
Comfortable fashion is making its way again in 2023 but this time it doesn't have to exclude 
style and even luxury.  
 
1. Black and tight 
 
Black elegance works for every occasion - jogging included. To copy Bella Hadid jogging 
through the streets of New York, get a black sports bra, black leggings, and a cropped black 
sweatshirt, and then complete this sporty and elegant look with a black baseball cap and 
stunning white sneakers. Fabulous and powerful! 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
2. Show your legs 
 
Sometimes it's fun to switch it a bit - instead of leggings, why not show off your toned legs in 
printed running shorts and sneakers while covering your arms with a simple grey long-
sleeved hoodie? It's comfy and cool at the same time.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
3. Denim jacket forever 
 
Street style scene cannot go wrong without an oversized denim jacket, and that goes for the 
gym outfit as well. Simple leggings and a T-shirt completed with an oversized denim jacket 
and a pair of cat-eye sunglasses are the ultimate cool and stylish gym wear. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
4. Muted colors 
 
Sometimes it's mostly about the color palette you chose for your gym outfit. You can keep it 
cool with minimal cut pieces and muted colors - just combine a plain sports bra and leggings 
and cover your shoulders with an oversized shearling hoodie (in some grayed shade as 
well) to boost the effect. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
5. Back to the 90s 
 
The 90s have their bright moments, and Bella Hadid enjoys reminding us of all of them. 
Just like her, you can go back to the 90s just for a while by wearing colorful track pants that 
look as they have just arrived from the 90s shop window and matching them with chunky 
sneakers. Make sure the top is tight and simple so that you don't look like a bad copy of the 
90s style. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
6. Enjoy the pink 
 
Bright pink is one of the best colors you can opt for when you want to get noticed and feel 
feminine - the same goes for your gym outfit. 
 
You don't have to go overboard with pink but instead, add pink details to your black outfit. 
Your black leggings and jacket can go to a whole new level of cool if you add pink trainers to 
the combination, along with a bright pink T-shirt and a patterned pink beanie. These 
instances of pink are what make this outfit unique. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
7. Layers, layers 
 
Layers look cool if you combine them smartly. Supermodel Gigi Hadid knows how to do it, 
so you can simply copy one of her great gym outfits: 
 
Wear a cropped sweatshirt over the sports bra (of course, the sports bra have to show at 
least a bit), and then add more layers to it - wear a cropped jacket over it and tie a 
sweatshirt around your waist - just for the looks of it, of course. 
 
You can always tie a sweatshirt around your waist as an additional layer when you are 
wearing a leather jacket over a T-shirt, as well. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
8. Cool cycling outfit 
 
Windbreakers are an excellent piece of clothing if you love jogging outside or cycling no 
matter the weather. You need your upper body to be well-protected, especially if it's 
raining. 
 
So try out this stylish option - wear a retro-inspired windbreaker in a bright hue like orange 
or yellow and tone it down with black leggings or cycling shorts. Complete your look by 
choosing from the best women's bikes that look powerful and come in a strong hue - you 
will definitely get noticed while cycling along the streets or the park.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
9. Monochromatic coolness 
 
Black and white never cease to awe, so try it out by combining a black crop top with white-
hot leggings. This monochromatic look is then accented more with a black-and-white 
printed jacket, black sneakers that go great with a black tote. And of course, finish it 
magnificently with black round sunglasses. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
10. Lady-like details 
 
Anne Hathway is great at adding elegance to everything, so she was equally successful at it 
by combining an oversize soft gray sweater and navy blue sunglasses with navy blue 
leggings. You can wear black sneakers with that and add an oversized leather bag to create a 
unique mix of sporty and elegant. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Bottom line 
 
Gym outfit can give you tons of ideas to remain unique and playful when it comes to style at 
all times. Celebrities know how to mix style with fitness, so you better follow their lead and 
pick what suits your gym and street style best. Hope you've found this article on celebrity 
gym looks for 2023 insightful. If so, do let us know.  
 
Also Check Out: Types of Girls at Gym 
 
Author Bio (Guest Author) 
 
Sarah Jessica Smith is an Australian blogger who enjoys a simple life's pleasures - drinking 
her morning coffee surrounded by the smell of roses on her tiny balcony garden. She loves 
to write about eco-friendly lifestyle, health, and travel adventures. Music is her fuel and 
sandy beaches are her Eden on the Earth. 
 
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)  
 
1) Why should you wear a sports bra when working out? 
 
When doing an intense physical exercise, your breasts bounce up and down and if you don't 
wear a sports bra while exercising or running, it may cause stretch and tear of ligaments 
surrounding the breast region resulting in soreness, pain, and sagging. Sports bras are 
designed to reduce the movement of your breast when working out. It is important every 
woman should wear it no matter what size she has.  
 
2) How can I look attractive and cute in gym workout clothes?  
 
If you want to look cute in your gym workout clothes, you must know what to wear with 
your gym leggings, shorts, or pants. In this article, we've shared a lookbook to help you pull 
off celeb-inspired gym looks without going bankrupt.  
Outfit Ideas That’ll Get You in the Holiday Spirit 
Synonymous with festivals, weddings, and vacations, India’s autumn-winter season is one of 
the most eagerly awaited times of the year. The sweltering heat has abated, there’s festive 
cheer in the air, and everybody is generally in a celebratory mood. This joy and exuberance 
most clearly manifest itself in women’s ethnic outfits – the colors get more vivid, fabrics 
richer, and patterns livelier.  
 
If your ethnic wardrobe needs a bit of renewal – what after two pandemic-blighted years 
that saw very little festivity. For sartorial requirements primarily pertaining to festive 
occasions, look no further than the ‘Live’ collection. If you are planning a languid vacation, 
the ‘Play’ collection is brimming with the options you will need.  
 
Are you ready to shop? Here are five great outfit ideas to help you slip into the holiday spirit 
looking like a dream! 
 
The Glitzy Goddess 
 
Big fat Indian weddings and family get-togethers are marked by glitz, glamour, and gaiety. 
Sizzle at such special occasions in the stunningly rich Teal sapphire Kurta. Crafted out of 
luxurious velvet fabric, the kurta features artful sequin embellishment on the sleeves and 
neckline. Pair it with the matching Teal Sapphire drape and Teal Sapphire trousers adorned 
with sequin-work at the hem. Turn up the glamour quotient with gold jhumkas and an 
oversized nose stud. Complete the magic with golden pumps and a sequinned clutch purse.   
 
Image source: pinterest 
 
The Devil-may-care Girl 
 
Effortlessly sensuous yet decidedly casual, kaftans are a one-of-a-kind outfit. Sartorially 
fluid, a kaftan – depending on how you style one – can make you look elegantly dressed up, 
but also casually dressed down. If wish to blend in a bit of both, go straight for the Marine 
kaftan. Featuring a quirky multi-colored pattern, an unmissable neckline, and a bold-ish 
side slit, this one’s exotic and eccentric all at once. Black boots and a glass bib necklace will 
add the perfect finishing touches.  
 
Image source: pinterest 
 
The Chic Conversationalist 
 
A tête-à-tête over lunch with friends on a Sunday afternoon is the perfect occasion for 
dressing down. The vibe for a luncheon date with the girls is laidback but you could raise 
the elegance quotient with the Victoria Bloom Maxi dress. Featuring an all-over Victorian-
inspired floral pattern with lace detail and ruffle, this startlingly charming dress is all fun 
and frolic! Amplify the grace with oversized hoop earrings and snow-white sneakers. Don’t 
forget a wide-brimmed hat if it’s an alfresco lunch. 
 
The Subtle Diva 
 
Sporting an understated look while retaining the pizzazz of high glamour may sound like a 
bit of a paradox. But the rich and royal all-deep purple Maryam kurta and sharara set will 
help you do just that and how! The outfit features Dabka work embroidery, doubling its 
unabashed vibrancy and charm. Seal the look with silver chandbalis and a stack of silver 
bangles. Slip into a pair of embellished mojris, dress your hair with fresh flowers and you’re 
all ready to make heads turn!  
 
Image source: pinterest 
 
The Fun Femme   
 
Whether you’re enjoying a beach vacation or a weekend getaway in the hills, nothing spells 
fun and leisure better than the Phool Jhaal crop top and matching Phool Jhaal tiered skirt. 
Embossed with block-printed blooms, this outfit flawlessly embodies the unbridled freedom 
and nonchalance of the holiday mood. Forgo accessories for this one altogether; instead, 
play up the snazzy-simple look with a white carnation tucked in your hair behind the ear 
and a pair of plain vanilla gladiator sandals.   
 
Dressing in accordance with the occasion is and will always important because doing so 
actually enables you to live the times. Every outfit idea mentioned above, in its own way, 
articulates the joie de vivre associated with the festive and holiday season. So stop holding 
yourself back and go ahead, embrace the spirit – metaphorically and sartorially!  
Tips to Style Kolhapuri Chappal for Men 
Kolhapuri chappal for men is one the most raging footwear given the fact that they are 
sturdy and durable. Crafted mostly by hand, this footwear can last for a really long time 
when taken good care of. Kolhapuris present an undying love for India’s culture, which is 
why it remains so evergreen even today. 
 
Earlier, Kolhapuri chappals were mainly worn by people in villages, but given the changing 
times and how the Kolhapuris have evolved in accordance with the raging trend, even 
millennials are wearing them on a regular basis.  
 
Known for their pleasing looks and flattering fits, the Kolhapuris are gaining a sudden 
resurgence with youngsters today because they are so versatile that men can pair them 
with almost every outfit. The best part about buying Kolhapuri chappal for men today is 
that the traditional T-strap has evolved to more strappy styles, appealing to the current 
generation. The broad upper band has also been toned down, making the overall design 
more minimal, sustainable, and modern.  
 
While leather was the only fabric that Kolhapuris were made from, today brands have 
switched to vegan leather, made from fruit and vegetable waste, giving the footwear a 
leather-like finish.  
 
There are several different ways to style your Kolhapuri chappal so you can pull off a suave 
and smart look irrespective of the occasion. 
 
Keep it Simple 
 
The most basic yet cliched way to style your Kolhapuris is to pair it with your kurta and 
pyjamas, thus, keeping your overall look simple yet classy. If you’re attending a low-key 
event such as a puja, this look should be your choice. You can opt for basic colors of 
Kolhapuris such as tan or black and brown. 
 
Take Things Up by a Notch 
 
It’s hard to skip any wedding invites when you’re an Indian. To make a stylish appearance at 
your loved ones’ weddings, you can put on a nice embroidered sherwani and slip into a 
trendy pair of Kolhapuri chappals. To make the look even more festive you can invest in a 
pair that features a pompom design on the top of the strap. 
 
Nail Your Office Look 
 
Going to the office every day can be a daunting task. If you wear shoes to work and often 
complain about your feet not being able to breathe, you can always switch your formal 
shoes for Kolhapuri chappals. Yes, Kolhapuri chappal for men is formal enough to be worn 
with your regular shirt and trousers on regular basis. 
 
Keep it Casual 
 
If you are in a funky mood today, how about swapping your sneakers or flip-flops for 
Kolhapuri chappals? If you’re going on a day out with your friends, you can wear Kolhapuri 
chappals with your jeans and T-shirt. A short casual kurta and distressed denim are also 
another cool look that you can carry with your Kolhapuri chappal.  
 
With these looks to pair your Kolhapuris with, you can wear them on a regular basis. Just a 
little maintenance will make sure your Kolhapuris will go a long way. 
How to Choose the Right Thermals for Men 
Thermals are a winter essential. The right pair of thermals keep you warm and makes you 
feel comfortable when you are out experiencing extreme cold weather. It traps the body 
heat and provides insulation. Since it is the base clothing layer, worn closest to the body, 
choosing the right pair is imperative. Here is what you need to consider before buying 
thermals. 
 
Things to Look for When Buying Thermals 
 
1) The Right Fit 
 
Thermals function as the second skin, creating an insulation layer between your body and 
the fabric. So, the right fit is super crucial when picking one. If the thermals you wear are 
too loose or tight, they will not do their job right and can cause discomfort. Opt for a snug fit, 
as it will keep you warm and allow you to wear layers over it comfortably. Also, check the 
outer surface of the thermal. Choose one with a slick surface so that the other clothing piece 
does not get stuck on it. 
 
 
2) Fabrics & Materials 
 
Not all thermals are the same. Nor do they provide the same level of comfort and warmth. 
The fabric used is the difference. So, when buying thermals, weight and material are two 
components you should check for a better pick. The first component (weight) will help you 
comprehend the level of warmth it will provide. The heavier it is, the better it will be for 
cooler climates. Likewise, with material, the denser the weave and plusher, the warmer the 
thermal will be. Besides, make sure the fabric is soft, resilient, and skin-friendly. Below are 
some common materials for thermals: 
 
•  Synthetic fabric: Thermals made of synthetic fabrics are ideally suitable for extreme cold. 
Synthetic fabrics combine natural fibers with polyester, spandex, lycra, and nylon to provide 
moisture-wicking and heat-retention properties. 
•  Woollen fabric: Thermals are also available in woolen fabrics. They balance your body 
temperature and provide great moisture management. 
•  Cotton fabric: Unlike other fabric options, cotton retains perspiration better. It leaves the 
wearer feeling chilled, wet, and clammy. For the right pick, you may choose super combed 
cotton-rich ones as offered by Jockey India. 
 
3) Weight 
 
Another thing to consider when buying thermals is weight. Each fabric offers different 
levels of warmth depending on its weight. Thermals with different weights are suited for 
various cold conditions. Here is a general guide for picking the right weight for the best 
thermal. 
 
•  Ultra-lightweight thermals: They are micro-light in weight and suitable for mild to cool 
conditions. 
•  Lightweight thermals: You may choose to buy these thermals when the weather is 
moderately cool. Such thermals are also ideal for high-level aerobic activities. 
•  Mid-weight thermals: Mid-weight fabrics are versatile and preferable for moderately cold 
to cold weather conditions. You may pick them for various recreational and sports activities. 
•  Heavyweight thermals: When the weather is overly cold and more warmth is needed to 
regulate the body temperature, heavyweight thermals are the ones you should wear. They 
are ideal for winter sports in the snow. 
 
 
The Purpose of Buying Thermal Underwear 
 
Thermals can be specific to purposes, meaning that you may need them to keep the body 
warm, support the freedom of movement during sports activities, or conserve body heat to 
combat frigid temperatures. Picking the wrong style could restrict your body movement 
and cause unwanted discomfort. 
 
Moisture-Wicking Properties 
 
Since thermals are meant to keep the body warm and dry, moisture wicking is critical when 
buying thermal underwear. Moisture-wicking properties absorb sweat and reduce wetness 
through external moisture, keeping you dry all day. 
 
Style 
 
Selecting the right style is also crucial when buying thermals. You may choose from long-
sleeve vests, short-sleeve vests, and long john, based on your choice. 
7 Celebrity-Inspired Autumn Styles for 2023 
Season changes require a wardrobe update. Summer is humid and will require you to wear 
breathable fabrics, while autumn is colder and is the time of the year to embrace winter 
basics. In short, you’ll need to wear different types of clothes to stay comfortable (and 
fashionable) as the season changes. 
 
If you plan to upgrade your wardrobe for autumn 2023 but don’t know where and how to 
start, we’ve got you covered. We listed seven celebrity-inspired autumn styles so you’ll 
know what to add or remove from your wardrobe. With our list, looking good in autumn 
will be easy! 
 
1) Mini Dress + High Pastel Toned Boots 
 
You don’t need to mix and match countless pieces to look stunning during autumn. Pairing a 
floral mini dress with plain-colored high boots is enough! This combination ensures comfort 
regardless if you’re going to run errands or have brunch with friends and family. 
 
To make the outfit look more polished, ensure that your pieces have similar color palettes. 
For example, if your mini dress has black and white floral prints, pick a pair of high boots in 
white or black. 
 
Image credit: dailymail.co.uk  
 
2) White T-Shirt + Jeans + Cowboy Boots 
 
A plain shirt and a pair of jeans are one of the most classic pieces anyone can own. And 
fortunately, this combination is still very in-season during autumn. Katie Holmes paired this 
classic combo with a pair of cowboy boots during a weekend in New York City. 
 
To make this look more form-fitting, wear high-waisted jeans and tuck your shirt in at the 
front. You can also accessorize using pieces of the same color, like a black handbag and a 
black belt. 
 
Image credit: vogue  
 
3) Trench Coat + Knee Boots 
 
Do you want to look like a celebrity who was styled by a professional from Moda Database? 
Then head out wearing a trench coat and knee-high boots. This combination is an effortless 
way of staying comfortable and fashionable as the weather turns cold. 
 
Because trench coats are baggy, consider wearing them with a belt. A belt can make you 
look slimmer as it defines your waist. If possible, go for natural-colored trench coats, knee 
boots, and accessories to achieve a cleaner, more cohesive look. 
 
Image credit: dailymail.co.uk  
 
4) Turtleneck + Trousers 
 
You can still look good even wearing baggy clothes like how Deepika Padukone raised the 
bar for autumn fashion when she wore a gray turtleneck sweater with gray flared trousers. 
This outfit will surely keep you cozy, especially when worn during long flights. 
 
The key to making this combination fashion-forward is to stick to plain-colored pieces and 
then accessorize with a striking or contrasting color. For instance, you can wear a black 
turtleneck sweater and black trousers, and then white-toned accessories — oversized 
sunglasses, a handbag, and a pair of pumps or sneakers. 
 
Image credit: vogue  
 
5) Pops of Pink 
 
To make any autumn outfit look more fun and playful, pair it with pieces in pink. For 
example, if you’re going to wear a shirt and a pair of jeans, top it with a pink button-down. 
You can also use pink-colored accessories like a pink handbag or pink scarf to complete any 
autumn outfit. 
 
Image credit: thebudgetbabe 
 
6) Baggy Jeans 
 
Big, baggy jeans have become a staple in Hollywood and are expected to become everyone’s 
favorite during autumn. Aside from being comfortable, baggy jeans are easy to style. You 
can pair it with a shirt and sneakers or an oversized back slit shirt over a sweater. 
 
Since baggy jeans are the star of the show (or your outfit), avoid wearing too many 
accessories. A plain-colored handbag or a pair of oversized sunglasses is more than enough 
to complete the look. 
 
Image credit: glamour  
 
7) Sky-High Platforms 
 
Do you love to wear high heels? Then autumn will be the perfect season to strut your style. 
Wearing sky-high platforms can significantly boost your confidence and make you look 
slimmer. This footwear also adds a pop of color to any outfit. 
 
Sky-high platforms are versatile pieces as you can pair them with almost anything — from 
colorful tights to short dresses. To ensure your comfort when wearing a pair, wear them at 
home first. This will allow the shoes to mold better to your feet, making the heels feel more 
comfortable. 
 
Image credit: thezoereport  
 
Be Fashion Forward 
 
Styling for autumn will become a breeze (pun intended) when you know what your favorite 
celebrities are wearing. Professionals styled these individuals, and the pieces they put on 
will soon become a trend. 
 
Start looking for the items presented in this article so you can plan your outfits for autumn. 
You’ll look like a superstar when you go out wearing a well-put-together outfit! 
Nightwear Essentials for Women (2023) 
So you have purchased all kinds of lacy must-haves, chiffon dresses, gingham dresses, slip 
dresses, and maxi skirts for those sun-kissed days, but what about the different styles you 
wear when the day is over? Yes, honey, we are talking about nightwear. For all those people 
who are clueless about what kind of nightwear is available, how to choose fabric, and what 
are the best sites available to buy, fret not, we’re here to give you all that information.  
 
We’ll tell you what exactly one should look at before buying summer night dresses. What 
kind? What fabric? What style? Whenever you buy summer nightwear make sure to choose 
the right fabric and style. Because summer is a time when you want to be extra comfortable 
right? So in this guide, we’ll mention a few nightwear essentials for this summer! Let’s get 
started.  
 
1.  Nighties 
 Isn’t summer the time when you all want to stay as cool and comfortable as possible? And if 
you ask what is the most comfortable outfit in summer for a woman? The answer would 
undoubtedly be nighties. Because with all that sweat, and power cuts, it's impossible to stay 
with any other attire all day long. But thanks to nighties they make your day easy. They are 
loose, breezy, and comfy like no other outfit in the world. These summer nighties come in a 
wide variety of patterns, styles, and fabrics. 
 
Image source: Pinterest 
 
2.  Top and Short Sets 
 If you want to look modern but also comfortable during summers, then top and short sets 
are the ones for you. The top and short sets are the comfiest nightwear. They are available 
in numerous patterns and designs. And tops are available in both short sleeves and 
sleeveless. Flaunt your slim and trim body in this nightwear and look like an angel even 
while sleeping. 
 
3.  Pyjama Sets 
 Pyjama sets are another classic option from nightwear for this summer. These are super 
comfy, trendy, classy, and very functional for every season. Crafted with different soft and 
smooth fabrics like cotton, silk, satin, and other suitable materials, these pyjama sets can 
make you sleep peacefully and comfortably during summer. 
 
Image source: Pinterest 
 
4.  Babydoll 
 Another amazing nightwear option for summer is babydoll. If you’re planning on special 
dates with your loved one, these babydolls can be an amazing option. Make your special 
days even more special with a babydoll. This fabric can really make you feel good. That 
super silky and smooth feel can really make your partner fall in love with you again and 
again.  
 
Image source: Pinterest 
 
5.  Short Nighties 
 
One of the coolest and super comfortable nightwear available in the market today is the 
nighty, especially the short ones. Short nighties are ideal for summer;  you can wear them at 
night for utmost relaxation and during the daytime for lazy and cozy Netflix sessions. Cotton 
short nighties are ideal for summer because this fabric keeps you cool and comfortable 
throughout the day! 
 
6.  Sleep Shirts 
 
Sleep shirts are easy, breezy, lemon squeezy kinda nightwear. All you gotta do is put on a 
sleep shirt, do your night routine, and sleep in comfort. These sleep shirts are available in 
different prints and vibrant colors, you can accentuate your night look with a single sleep 
shirt. Matching eye masks can make you sleep more peacefully and also take your style up a 
notch.  
 
Image source: Pinterest 
 
7.  Cami Set 
 
Sometimes, you just want your sleepwear to be a little more naughty and flirtatious than 
your regular sleep shirts and gowns. A boyshorts and camisole combination is the perfect 
solution for this summer. Choose from a range of bright colors with sexy lace trim and cool 
patterns and fabrics for a look that’s playful and easy to sleep in. 
 
Image source: Pinterest 
 
Who thought choosing the right nightwear is such a big task? There are many more 
different types of nightwear options that you can try and find the right one that fits your 
comfort zone. Hoodies, sweatpants, oversized t-shirts, joggers and the list is endless for the 
products that can be used for a fashionable night.  
 
Sleep tight with nightwear that makes you sleep peacefully, comfortably, and restfully. You 
deserve to give yourself a tranquil sleep. Try out various styles to make your nights fun and 
exciting. These are a few comfy and amazing nightwear options for this summer. So make 
sure to buy wisely and don’t forget to check the fabric before buying.  
Make Cotton Sarees Your Best Friend This Monsoon 
Sarees, which were originally strict traditional wear for women have changed its fact in 
recent times because women prefer to wear them for almost any given occasion. Be it 
formal, informal, or traditional occasions, sarees are the ultimate fashion choice for women.  
From fabrics such as silk, crepe, and nylon to organza, sarees are available in different kinds 
of fabrics, but the most trusted ones are cotton sarees. The cotton fabric makes these sarees 
such comfortable wear because they are so light in weight and also don’t cling to your body.  
If you are looking for sarees that are easy to wear and can be handled easily, especially if 
you’re a first-time wearer, you can stick to cotton sarees. If you live in a country with harsh 
weather such as scorching heat during the summers and pouring crazy during the monsoon, 
these sarees are the perfect kind to opt for.  
Who said that cotton sarees have to be boring? If you think so, you clearly haven’t explored 
the latest collection. There are numerous varieties available in cotton sarees these days and 
if you have one of each then let us tell you that you’re sorted for almost all of the upcoming 
occasions. So let us check out the types of cotton sarees available these days. 
1) Sambalpuri Saree 
If you are looking for a minimalistic saree, which is comfortable yet stylish, this is the one to 
opt for. The threads are first dyed and later woven into fabric form, adding richness to the 
whole saree. 
2) Tant Saree  
This is by far the most common type of cotton saree you will see on women. This Bengali 
saree is comfortable and classy and let us not get started on the intricate designs and prints 
featured on them. These make for an absolute choice for summer weddings. 
Also Read: How to Make Saree Styling Effortless 
3) Khadi Saree  
If you love to wear handloom fabrics, khadi saree should be on your list. These sarees are 
made using traditional handlooms and the fabric is also breathable. These are an ideal 
choice during the summer because they will allow your skin to breathe and even during 
monsoon, considering how quickly they will dry after a wash. 
Image credit: Pinterest 
4) Chanderi Saree 
If you like wearing tiny prints, chanderi sarees are good to go because they feature these 
tiny traditional coin prints, floral arts, geometric prints, and even peacocks.  
5) Dhakai Saree 
Originally made in Dhaka, Bangladesh, these sarees are easy to identify due to the golden 
thread work. These sarees are crisp, which means they won’t cling to your body but will 
give you a rich look. You can wear them at low-key traditional events such as a get-together 
to make a classy statement.  
Also Read: Why You Should Wear Cotton Sarees to Work 
6) Chikankari Saree 
If you have an hourglass figure that you’d love to flaunt, opt for chikankari sarees because 
they are sheer and feature intricate white threadwork that makes the saree stand out. The 
best part is that these sarees are super light in weight and available in a range of colors. 
Image credit: Pinterest 
These are the best cotton sarees that you can buy to upgrade your style statement. 
Summer Fashion 2023: 7 Style Tips for Warm Weather 
Summer is here, and that means it’s time to finally wear those awesome shorts, tank tops, 
sundresses, and t-shirts. After all, there’s nothing more fun than staying outside, and 
enjoying the feeling of the sun on your skin, especially if you’re also on a vacation. But, in 
order to keep yourself presentable, and protected, it's important to follow some fashion 
rules and tips for warm and sunny weather. So for that reason, here are some of them that 
will surely make your summer this year.  
 
1) Opt for Lightweight Fabrics and Clothes 
 
This is crucial as it will allow you to feel more comfortable while working or running 
errands during the summer. So if you opt for light fabrics such as lighter versions of cotton, 
that will make the summer much more bearable, especially during the heavy heatwaves. In 
order to choose the best fabrics, it’s important to get familiar with their characteristics first. 
So, if you can see through the fabric, then it’s a good sign that it will work for you. Also, 
make sure to check the way fabrics feel on your skin, as that will be an important indicator 
of its suitability.  
 2) Breathable Fabrics are the Best for Hot Summer Days  
 
If you want to have a fun and active summer, then it’s best to opt for clothes that are made 
of breathable fabrics. Since people maintain a cool body temperature by perspiring heat 
away from the body. Also, it is necessary to allow for air circulation in order to keep the 
body temperature cooler. Fabrics that are breathable should maximize the flow of air, 
especially in hot climates. This is due to the fact that fabrics that trap moisture tend to cause 
unpleasant odors as well. On the other hand, synthetics such as polyester may cause 
excessive sweating, which is something that should be avoided during very hot weather.  
 
Also Read: Summer wardrobe tips to up your fashion game 
 
Image credit: Pinterest 
 
3) Make Sure You’re Protected From the Sun  
 
Heatstroke is a serious health problem that needs to be taken care of immediately. 
However, this can be easily prevented by staying away from the sun, mainly in the hours 
with the highest temperatures such as noon and early afternoon. Clothing is the best 
protection from the sun, however, some accessories such as sunglasses and hats can be 
equally helpful. There are different types of hats and styling tips, so feel free to choose 
what’s most compatible with your personal style and the occasion. As for the sunglasses, 
keep in mind that they should be made of quality materials in order to keep your eyes safe 
and protected.  
 
Image credit: Pinterest 
 4) Be Smart if You Enjoy Working Out  
 
Working out during summer can be a great way to shed those pounds in a healthy way. 
However, whether you’re sticking to an air-conditioned gym or you want to try some 
outdoor exercises, it’s important to wear the right types of clothes, especially if you’re 
female. Women tend to be more sensitive to harsh sun, mainly when that’s combined with 
more intense workouts. In that case, it’s essential to opt for quality women’s activewear. 
This type of clothing is excellent not only for exercising but also for a light morning walk 
when the temperatures are easier to bear. Being on the move during the summer is a great 
way to boost your self-confidence, as long as you wear the right type of active clothing and 
protect yourself from the sun.  
 
5) Wear Comfortable Footwear  
 
Your feet also deserve to be treated with care during hot weather. This is why it’s essential 
to wear comfortable and breathable footwear. Wearing uncomfortable (but aesthetically 
pleasing) footwear during the summer can make your feet get sweaty. Sandals and cotton 
shoes are both a very safe choice, but you can stick to anything as long as your feet are 
comfortable. On the other hand, if you prefer to do some activities, then it’s best to invest in 
a well-made pair of sneakers that are both stylish and breathable. Of course, slippers such 
as flip-flops can be a great addition to your summer footwear collection, but keep in mind 
that they’re meant for casual outings and shorter walks.  
 
Image credit: Pinterest 
 
6) Always Wear SPF 
 
Sunscreen should be a crucial part of your beauty/fashion routine. When it comes to 
summer, it’s essential to wear it every time you’re spending time outdoors. Also, make sure 
to get sunscreen with an SPF high enough to keep you protected at all times. You need to 
protect your skin from the harsh sun, in order to prevent issues such as skin cancer, dark 
spots, and premature aging. The easiest way to wear sunscreen regularly is to always have a 
bottle/tube of sunscreen with you. In case you plan to swim, then be sure to apply 
sunscreen that is waterproof as well.  
 
Image credit: Pinterest 
 
7) Opt for Lighter Colors  
 
Sure, black and cherry red are alluring and mysterious colors that can make you look more 
attractive. Yet, they’re not the best choice for hot sunny weather, as they tend to absorb the 
heat. Lighter colors such as white, mint green, and baby blue are a safer choice; they tend to 
reflect the sunlight, thus making you sweat less in the process. So pastel and light neutral 
colors are your best bet if you want to keep your body temperature cool. Darker colors are 
more suitable for evening outfits, or even better, for winter days. The last thing you need is 
to feel hot, on an already hot summer day.  
 
Image credit: Pinterest 
 
Conclusion  
 
Summer is the best time to proudly show off your fashion style. However, it’s crucial to keep 
yourself safe from harmful UVA and UVB lights, so make sure to wear proper clothing that 
will help you stay protected. Also, activewear, together with SPF and accessories such as 
hats and sunglasses, will keep you both stylish and safe from the sun, so feel free to wear 
them every time you’re spending time outside. With these tips, you’ll look fashionable even 
in the warmest and sunniest weather.  
6 Latest Lehenga Designs for Brides to Stand Out 
Wearing red is said to be auspicious for the brides in India. But with the changing trends, 
the red color is more modified and designed with different patterns. In fact, girls today ditch 
the same old red and maroon lehengas to wear something trendier and more magnificent 
for their special day.  
 
The styles have changed, and now eye-catching trends in subtle colors such as golden, pink, 
silver, etc., with minimal sequin or mirror work, lure the eyes of the women. To lay their 
eyes on the maximum variety, women today prefer searching for bridal lehenga online.  
 
If you are also planning your Indian Bridal Lehenga for your special day, you must conduct a 
lot of research. Read the article below to get insights on what's trending in the arena of 
lehenga cholis to make the perfect choice for your wedding day.  
 
1. Anarkali Lehenga 
 If you have a taste in ethnic wear with a slight mix of western boldness, then this Anarkali 
lehenga is the perfect match for you. This lehenga is made of beautiful handwork and 
different kalidar designs. Anarkali lehengas are never old-fashioned. These can be of any 
design pattern like floral, embroidered, solid, or mirror work.  
 
This goes perfectly with dainty pop jewelry, contrasting any shade. It brings out the 
heaviest look and has an all-eyes on-me attitude. If you do not want to stick to the same red 
color and add a little uniqueness, this wedding bridal lehenga is best suited for you.  
 
 
2. Deep V Necks 
 
Currently in vogue are the lehengas with v-neck that give your lehenga a modern look while 
keeping your outfit traditional as well. If you are bored with the same old traditional design, 
then this lehenga design will carry a different fashion sense for you.  
 
This designer bridal lehenga is a union of class and elegance. It would go best with a heavy 
choker or a necklace to give it a more luxurious look. It comes in beautiful colors and 
designs to give it a ravishing look and can be carried with a beautiful dupatta.  
 
3. Peplum Style Lehenga 
 Gorgeously created this piece of art with great contrast of two colors of even one single 
color is the dream bridal lehenga choli of every bride. This fantastic lehenga is pinned by 
every bride of 2023. It has a mind-blowing design of a peplum blouse till the waist and 
flares under the waistline. It is the most comfortable blouse to wear and is also not 
revealing.  
 
Brides prefer to keep their jewelry simple due to the lehenga's heaviness and eye-catching 
shimmer work. So, if you have not decided yet, this kind of bridal lehenga is the right choice 
for you. You can create many styles from the one blouse like ruffle sleeves, bell sleeves, v-
neck blouse, scoop neck, Slitted sleeves with high neck, and many more.  
 
 
4. Red Lehenga  
  This red Indian bridal lehenga creates a very heavy look when worn by the bride. It is 
amazingly crafted, presenting the zari embroidery and adding sequin work for more glitter 
effect and red tassel. Wearing a red lehenga at your wedding never goes out of style. You 
can get a red lehenga with multiple designs and works, such as sequin work, mirror work, 
hand work, embroidery, or even prints.  
 
The touch of different colors in it becomes the most fabulous part of the lehenga. This 
lehenga does not need heavy jewelry as it is already heavily embroidered. However, you can 
use minimal jewelry to complete your wedding look.  
 
 
5. Light Gold Lehengas  
 
This bridal lehenga choli is prepared by keeping in mind the brides who do not like to wear 
heavy lehengas. When they say, "I want to keep it simple," then this elegant design comes 
out to be the best choice. Wearing it with heavy and long Kundan jewelry and kalire with a 
fantastic natural makeup look will give you a sophisticated look. The fabric used is silk 
which is adding more soft touch to the lehenga and graceful shine. It goes perfectly with 
heavy gold jewelry and the hairdo's red blooming flowers in the back.  
 
6. Bridal Lehenga Choli with Double Dupattas 
 Today's latest fashion has started a trend of two dupattas, one which goes with the lehenga 
and the other for adding more grace and color contrast to the lehenga. This lehenga creates 
a royal look and goes with main color combinations like- red lehenga with pink dupatta, red 
lehenga with peach dupatta, caramel lehenga with brown dupatta, pink bridal lehenga with 
light blue dupatta, and many more.  
 
The lehenga is deeply designed with gold zari and other embroidered details with the color 
combination of golden. It will give a stylish and modern look by wearing a choker necklace 
contrasting with the combination of lehenga and dupatta. One dupatta can be worn on the 
head, while the other can be carried on the side. Carrying a heavy dupatta will add more 
grace to your lehenga, and you can add a velvet dupatta to get a more royal look.  
 
 
Choose the best fabric for your Indian Bridal Lehenga Choli According to the Season- 
 
● Summer/ Spring weddings - Summers are irritating when we wear heavy jewelry and 
lehengas. If you are getting hitched in the spring or summer, you must check out the chiffon 
or georgette fabrics. These fabrics will help you keep the sweat away, and you can enjoy the 
ceremony.  
 
● Monsoon season - The monsoon season is very pretty and enjoyable, but on the other 
hand, it is very humid. The humidity in the air makes you sweat very fast, and you are in 
trouble. So for that, it is recommended to wear crepe, net, georgette, or chiffon. You can 
even get these bridal lehengas online. 
 
● Winter season - The winter season is the perfect season for weddings, but still, one can 
catch a cold sooner due to the cold breeze. For that, it is suggested to wear velvet and silk.  
 
Get prepped for your wedding with the perfect outfit style to ensure everyone adores you as 
a bride. Get your hands on some latest trendy Indian Bridal Lehenga designs online to rock 
your special day, making it even more memorable for you for a lifetime.  
How to be Creative With Workwear (8 Wardrobe Ideas) 
When you are working in a professional setting, it’s a lot more than getting done with daily 
tasks and deadlines. You are also supposed to look the best version of yourself in order to 
present yourself professionally. This also involves everything related to dressing up 
professionally. However, thinking of new ideas every other day can feel confusing, and this 
is where being creative with your workwear help you a lot.  
 
So, if you are someone looking for different ways to style yourself professionally, worry not! 
Below are some of the tips you will love to read till the end, and these will help you with 
your day-to-day choices. So, without wasting any more time, scroll further and continue 
reading. 
 
1. Focus on the type of environment you are working in 
 
The first and foremost tip for being creative with your workwear is first to focus on the type 
of environment you work in. This will help you in more than one way. Yes, you read that 
right! This is because when you are supposed to dress up professionally, it’s more than just 
wearing a certain type of clothing. 
 
In order to look the best version of yourself, you are supposed to feel comfortable and at 
ease, while working all day long. This is the reason behind focusing on the type of 
environment you are working in. You get to decide what to pick and choose without 
stepping out of your comfort zone. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest 
 
2. Be considerate about the style of the sleeves 
 
Coming onto the next tip to help you dress up professionally, below is everything related to 
the choice of sleeves you should go for. There’s no doubt that everyone loves to explore 
different styles and everything in between to make their looks stand out. 
 
However, when it comes to professional sitting, there are certain choices you are supposed 
to make. For example, if your work environment is relatively business and more 
professional, then the style of sleeves should be in between cuffs and long kimono style. On 
the other hand, if you are working in a relatively creative environment, you can easily go for 
trumpet, bishop, and other similar sleeve styles. 
 
3. Keep swapping your hairstyle  
 
Have you ever thought that your hairstyle can very much make or break your overall look? 
Yes, you read that right! And this is exactly what we are going to talk about to help you 
dress up professionally. So, if you are someone who is like to stick to the same hairstyle, try 
to do something different this time in order to be creative with your work look. For 
example, different hairstyles that you can go for without any second thought are - loose curl 
hair, a messy hair bun with a somewhat professional look, styling hair bands in different 
ways, etc. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest 
 
4. Choose color palette wisely 
 
The color palette you go for is the next thing you should keep in mind to dress up 
professionally and look the best version of yourself. The reason behind this is that just like 
you can’t wear your beach party wear to a dinner date with your favorite person, your 
choice of color can both make or break your overall look. This is why, it is always 
recommended to go for a relatively solid or similar color combination instead of the pop 
colors. 
 
However, if your workplace has an environment that warmly welcomes such colors, you can 
simply add a touch of bright colors with the use of different accessorize. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest 
 
5. Make the most out of what you already have 
 
It is absolutely understandable that sometimes keeping up with your business wardrobe 
feels utterly daunting. This mainly happens when you are supposed to update your clothing 
pieces after a few months just to dress up professionally and look perfect. 
 
So, what if we tell you that it shouldn’t have to be this way without compromising on your 
looks? 
Yes, that’s very much possible. All you have got to do is try one of the hacks that help you 
make your coat lint-free quickly. You can try the same trick on other similar clothing pieces 
to breathe life into your vintage pieces and make use of what you already have in a smart 
way. 
 
6. Try out different patterns 
 
Since we have just talked about being considerate about the color palette you choose to 
dress up professionally, there’s another thing you are supposed to take note of. That is, 
make the most out of different patterns. This can be anything like a checkered style or the 
one that has been trending in the market. The benefit of making the most out of patterned 
style is you can pair them with all types of pants and still look the best version of yourself. 
 
7. Remember, heels are not always necessary 
 
Keeping in line with your comfort and helping you dress up professionally, here you will 
need to note that heels are not always necessary. Yes, you read that right. You can try out 
different styles, like loafers, slippers, etc., keeping the types of pants you are wearing. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest 
 
8. Take up inspiration from others 
 
Lastly, in order to dress up professionally and be creative with your workwear, try to take 
up inspiration from different people. Like you can follow someone on one of the social 
media apps to keep track of what’s been trending these days and how you can deal with it 
without having to spend a lot on clothing. 
 
Bottom Line  
 
There’s no doubt that when you have to dress up professionally, there’s a lot you are 
supposed to take care of. This involves everything from color combination to the type of 
style you are choosing. 
This is where the importance of the right tips kicks in. Therefore, we hope that the points 
listed above will help you out in one way or another. Lastly, if you have got anything to add 
or suggest, feel free to drop your suggestions in the comments section below! 
6 Tips to Make Saree Styling Effortless 
The weather is getting hotter and the fabrics are getting lighter. It is also the right season to 
up your style quotient! Six yards of pure elegance in feathery cotton sarees are going to be 
your best friend this summer. 
 
The many types of artisanal and handloom cotton sarees truly expand the beautiful 
permutations and combinations one can explore. Unleash creativity while getting dressed, 
because there is a cotton saree that suits any event even in summer! 
 
Wondering how to get started? These tips are easy to follow and will make your styling 
effortless this summer.  
 
1. Play With Colors 
 
Cotton sarees have rich tints that are unmatched. Start with colour blocking! Pair a light 
colour with a darker colour. Wear pastels together for a soft look. Go monochrome by 
pairing a saree and a blouse from the same colour family, such as a light purple saree with a 
dark purple blouse. The options are endless! 
 
2. Prints and Patterns to the Rescue 
 
Choose from fancy and modern cotton sarees or classic Chettinad or Kanchi sarees, the 
playground is set for innovative combinations. Indian fabrics have rich artwork and 
handwork embedded in them. Print on print is a very bold trend. To begin with, Ikat, 
Kalamkari, Chanderi, ajrakh block prints and even digital prints work very well on plain 
sarees. 
 
 
3. Keep the Blouse Creative 
 
Have a crop-top lying around? Give the simple cotton saree a modern twist by pairing it 
with a stylish readymade blouse or crop top, a peplum or flared sleeve for a plain cotton 
saree or even a printed floral t-shirt that is cropped can work well. Experiment with 
different neck designs, sleeve patterns, cutwork, mirror work, embroidery and more to give 
it a zing! 
 
4. Add Glitz With Jewelry 
 
Depending on the occasion, jewellery can make the cotton saree look simple or grand. The 
most popular pairing is oxidised silver jewellery. Add earrings, a long necklace, and a 
bracelet to enhance the look. To keep the look simple, skip the necklace and add only big 
earrings and a dainty wristwatch. Terracotta jewellery adds an earthy feel to the grounded 
cotton fabric. Find a mix that looks the best! 
 
Image credit: Pinterest 
 
5. Mix and Match  
 
When it comes to styling cotton sarees, blouses play a big role. Pair a kanchi cotton saree 
with a brocade chanderi with pleated sleeves blouse or a chettinad cotton saree with a 
hand-embroidered blouse, which makes a unique combination of designs and styles. This 
not only brings the colour effect of the saree but takes it a notch higher when we make 
myriad combinations of blouses and sarees.  
 
6. Distinctive Draping Styles 
 
Wear a pant-style saree with soft cotton sarees. Pleat the pallu for a crisp look or leave it 
open for a casual feel. Make broad pleats for a lazy pallu that exudes comfort and 
convenience or wear the pallu more casual with a crop top. These daring options are 
undoubtedly rivalled by elegant and charming simple options. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest 
 
Who said cotton sarees cannot create an exquisite look? With these creative styling ideas 
and pairing tips, it is easy to take your look to a whole new level of beauty. 
Are Gel Manicures Worth The Money? Let's Find Out 
Are you the one who visits the nail salon every month? Do you always ask for the same 
manicure?  
 
You start with trimming your nails, buffing them, and adding another coat of regular nail 
polish. You might also be the one who always asks for the same nail color all the time. No 
judgment here!  
 
Sometimes you just know what your color is! Gel nails are extremely popular, and if you 
have ever been to a nail salon before, then you are well aware that gel polish is an option for 
you. You may be wondering what all the hype is about regarding gel nail polish.  
 
Are gel nails worth it?  
 
In this article, we will take you through everything you need to know about gel nails! 
 
Downside Of Regular Nail Polish 
 
Going to the salon for a standard manicure using regular nail polish is the most affordable 
way to get your nails done. It is also the most affordable way to do your own manicure at 
home. However, a major downside to using regular nail polish is that it chips fairly easily.  
 
You leave your nail appointment, and within hours your nails are chipped and no longer 
shiny. Another downside to regular nail polish is the dry time. Drying your nails can be 
difficult because you can easily destroy your newly painted nails when they are wet.  
 
Sometimes to your horror, you think your nails are dry, and when you go about your day, 
you realize they are not. You end up wasting a bunch of time just waiting to get on with your 
routine.  
 
About Gel Nails 
 
The process of doing a gel manicure is slightly more in-depth than a traditional manicure. 
You have to prep your nails before applying gel nail polish to them. This is partly because 
the drying or curing process is different from regular nail polish.  
 
You must make sure that your nail beds are completely clean. This means there cannot be 
any residue on the nail bed. This includes old nail polish, cuticle oil, and hand lotion. The gel 
will not attach itself to the nail if it is not clean.  
 
To ensure all oils are removed, take an alcohol wipe and clean each of your nails. This will 
ensure the best manicure possible. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest 
 
Benefits Of Gel Nails 
 
Two of the massive benefits of gel nail polish are; 
 
● Its longevity, 
● And minimal drying time.  
 
Gel nails are great because they can last up to two weeks!  
 
You do not have to worry about your manicure chipping away within hours of leaving your 
nail appointment! This is the ideal manicure you would want to get done before any big 
event!  
 
Gel nails are perfect for vacations, weddings, birthdays, and even work since they last for so 
long. With gel, there is no need for touch-ups. The other amazing perk about gel nail polish 
is its minimal dry time. The gel needs to be cured using UV light. You cannot air dry your 
nails with gel polish. By using a UV lamp, the gel cures within seconds. This alone could save 
you a massive amount of time.  
 
Image credit: Pinterest 
 
The Costing Of Gel Manicure 
 
Gel manicures cost more than a basic manicure with regular nail polish, but the benefits 
definitely make investing the extra money worth every penny! 
 
Going to the salon and getting your nails done is a dream come true for some people. For 
others, they may dread the whole ordeal. For some, salon environments are uncomfortable.  
 
The process is time-consuming; you cannot read or watch what you like, you have to deal 
with the overwhelming chemical smell that overwhelms salons, and the overall experience 
is costly.  
 
Image credit: Pinterest 
 
A Perfect Solution For You 
 
The idea of going to a nail salon is always exciting in the beginning, but by the end of the 
first hour, we are bored. Plus, we are not even able to operate our phones. 
 
So, if you are someone who is in need of a manicure, and polished nails but do not have the 
patience, then the solution can be delivered right to your doorstep. 
 
We are talking about the genius invention of semi-cured gel nails! 
 
These are nail strips that you can find at any cosmetic store, or simply order it online. These 
are decorative gel strips that you simply apply to your nails, and get the professionally 
cured nails look. 
 
• Take the ideal strip for each finger. 
• Place them properly on your nails. 
• File the excess off, do not cut it. 
• Place your hand under the UV cure for 60 seconds, and let the gel harden. 
• Although, it is not necessary but you can put a layer of top coat for extra protection.  
 
Image credit: Pinterest 
 
What Are You Waiting For?  
 
Gel nail polish might be a little costly, but the result is worth the money simply. Also, at the 
same time, you have the option of semi-cured gel nails.  
 
So, now more waiting.  
 
Go out and try out a gel manicure for yourself! You won’t regret it! 
5 Must-Have Traditional Dresses for Women 
For a country as historically rich as India, diversity shines through in every aspect. Different 
types of food, music, movies, languages, and most of all fashion feature a perfect blend of 
traditional and modern values. If you consider yourself a fashion enthusiast, your wardrobe 
is surely incomplete without a few traditional dress for women choices. Today, you can find 
plenty of such options in the markets from top ethnic clothing brands.  
 
In order to help you stock up on the latest options at once, here's a list of the top five 
traditional dresses for women that you must have: 
 
1) Lehenga Choli 
 
Originated in 10th-century North India, this is a timeless traditional dress for women you 
must add to your wardrobe at once. Consisting of a flowy, full-length ethnic skirt worn with 
a traditional blouse and dupatta, this dress is the epitome of grace. The available lehenga 
choli options in the markets currently consist of a large variety, especially in terms of the 
lehenga and dupatta.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
2) Anarkali 
 
An Anarkali suit is essentially a long, frock style top worn with slim bottom-wear. This 
traditional dress for women can be pulled off with or without a dupatta. You can easily find 
many casual as well as fancy variations of an Anarkali suit. Casuals consist of a light skirt 
made of comfortable, single-layered fabric whereas fancy options often consist of multiple 
layers to make the skirt flare out elegantly. 
 
3) Palazzo Suit 
 
While palazzo pants are a relatively latest trend that surfaced during the 1960s and 70s, 
they have quickly become one of the most liked ethnic trends of all time. A palazzo suit is a 
traditional dress for women consisting of a long fitted kurta usually worn with palazzo 
pants that have an extremely loose fit and flare out from the waist down. This is a gorgeous 
combination of bright pants with intricate embroideries like Chikankari, Zari, etc. for jaw-
dropping looks. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
4) Sharara 
 
Initially worn by Mughal royalty in the 16th century, these suits can be traced back to a 
Lebanese origin whose influence on ethnic fashion is still thriving. Worn with sharara pants 
with a flare so wide that they look like a skirt, this traditional dress for women is all royalty. 
The fabric of the long kurta, sharara pants as well as dupatta is adorned with intricate 
embroideries and embellishments of the finest degree. This traditional dress for women is 
also worn with ostentatious jewelry like naths, head ornaments, etc. for the complete look. 
 
5) Sarees 
 
Last but not the least, sarees are an essential in every woman's ethnic collection. Not only 
will this traditional dress for women add some elegance to your wardrobe, but it is also just 
the thing you need to switch up a regular look into something more glamorous. Effortlessly 
sophisticated and beautiful, countless types of sarees are at your disposal. These include 
Chanderi, Bandhani, Kanjeevaram, Banarasi, Assam silk, Paithani, and more to represent a 
piece of every Indian state. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
How to Style a White Shirt With Maxi Dress 
With the arrival of summer comes the appearance of the maxi dress trend. These light, 
breezy, and stylish overalls are ideal for hot weather. Furthermore, adding layers over or 
under these maxi dresses is simple, making them adjustable for cooler days. But how do you 
wear a maxi dress in the summer? What's more, when you're wearing a fresh white shirt? 
We're here to offer some helpful white shirt styling advice for maxi dresses. It's suitable for 
all seasons, including spring, summer, and fall! 
 
White Shirt as a Jacket Over a Maxi Dress  
 
No matter what type of maxi dress you wear, be it floral or tropical printed or solid colored, 
dark-hued, just add a white shirt over the dress as a jacket. This white shirt styling with the 
maxi dress will look uber cool and give you a more confident and charming look. Pair it with 
minimal jewelry, pair of glasses, and your favorite wedges to complete the look. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
White Shirt With a Wrapped Maxi Dress 
 
A stunning deep-necked wrap dress that shows off your curves in all the right ways will be 
the perfect transition look from summer to fall. Add your white shirt before wrapping the 
outfit to give it a more fashionable appearance. This warm and inviting tone will not only 
conjure up images of pumpkin spice lattes and cinnamon-scented candles, but a full-length 
dress will also be ideal as the temperature cools. You'll feel like a fashionista in no time if 
you pair it with a straw tote and some gorgeous sunglasses. 
 
White Shirt as in Inner  
 
Wear your maxi dress with a white shirt underneath it rather than on top of it. This is a 
famous white shirt styling tip from the 1990s, and it also keeps you warm. To complete the 
look, add some shades. Finish the appearance with a smartwatch of your choosing and your 
favorite sports shoes. Wearing this combination in this unique approach will give you a 
relaxed and confident look. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest (dress with white shirt underneath) 
 
White Shirt With a Belt  
 
Embrace your maxi dress in any print and color and wear your regular long but nicely 
fitting white shirt over it. Now, pair it with an ornamental or leather belt of a contrasting 
color. You have a semi-formal look ready for your corporate events and day picnics. Wear 
your comfortable mules over it, and just add a pair of earrings to complete this look.  
 
White Shirt as a Shrug  
 
A maxi dress with a white shirt as a shrug with button open and white strappy sandals is a 
terrific alternative for a dinner date or a semi-formal event. Instead, get a maxi dress with a 
row of white buttons and a partial slit up the front of the legs to show off the beautiful 
flower print, which will work nicely with the hue. This will be an excellent choice for petite 
women. The centered buttons lead the eye in and up, lengthening the body; the slit and 
open-front sandals elongate the legs. This is the appearance for you if you are petite. 
 
Bonus Video by Alyssa Beltempo 
How to Dress Well: 6 Tips for Men to Style Better 
Believe it or not, men also like to dress well and feel good about themselves. As they should. 
But oftentimes, guys simply do not have where to go to, in terms of fashion advice. If you are 
a guy who wants to up your styling game, look no further. With our advice, you will surely 
be on the right path of becoming a better version of yourself. 
 
1) Identify your style 
 
You can see a lot of guys that are interested in fashion, but unfortunately, they often end up 
wearing what is “trendy” instead of what flatters them and their personality. You should 
never compromise who you are for the sake of others, after all, there is nothing more 
elegant on a man than his confidence. So, before you throw out every graphic tee you own 
or get rid of those cargo pants you love, stop and ask yourself – “What do I like?” You can 
find a way to still look stylish and wear the clothes you like. Even a metalhead can look 
classy when the occasion calls for it. Go to different men’s stores and try to find as many 
items as possible that you like, or browse the Internet for ideas. Then think about how you 
could style those items to look good. It takes time to develop your style, but that is the fun of 
it. 
 
2) Embrace colour 
 
Most men are afraid to wear colour, they usually stick to navy or grey. Well, we are here to 
tell you that wearing colours that suit your complexion will make you look like a million 
bucks. Even if you are used to only wearing black or blue, adding one single piece of clothing 
that is a different colour will make your outfit pop. Colours like mustard, pinks, greens, 
different shades of blue are both versatile and look good. Go to the store and try on different 
colours. Eventually, you will find those that you like. And remember, less is more – you only 
need one garment to lift an outfit. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
3) Invest in a tailor 
 
One thing is for sure, ill-fitting clothes are never in style. This does not mean that skinny 
jeans or baggy hoodies cannot look good, it is just how they suit your body. Your pants 
should never sag so much that everyone can see your underwear, nor should your dress 
shirt be so tight that it is a sneeze away from popping a button in someone’s eye. Invest in 
well-tailored clothes, especially when it comes to suits and blazers. Even jeans that have an 
outdated fit can suit you well if you have them taken in. Well-fitting clothes can make you 
appear taller, more confident and even slimmer, and to top it off, they are made for your 
body, so they are extremely comfortable. 
 4) Accessorize 
 
Make a point by wearing stylish accessories. Sometimes a few smart accessories are all you 
need to pull an outfit together. Accessories can introduce colour to your outfit – like a royal 
blue scarf paired with a camel coat, some jeans and a white sweater. You can even juxtapose 
the colours to make the outfit interesting, like a mustard blazer with a burgundy pocket 
square. Even details catch the eye, like an elegant carbon fiber wallet. Minimalist and stylish, 
it is surely more fitting for a suit than that old bulky leather wallet you have had since 
college, and it does not take up space in your pocket. And, of course, no outfit is complete 
without a classy watch. Every man should have one watch that fits every occasion.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
5) Look after your clothes 
 
Whatever you decide to wear will not matter if it is a wrinkled mess. Teach yourself to take 
care of your clothing items, it will only make you appreciate them more. Organize your 
closet, make sure your shirts and pants are ironed and folded neatly, that they are clean and 
fresh. Additionally, polish your shoes regularly, so that they do not become dull. This will 
not only make you look neat and tidy, but the clothes will last much longer. Also, do not put 
your outfit together five minutes before you get out the door. Make it a habit to put out 
clothes and plan your outfit the night before. Make some effort to look stylish. 
 6) Take care of yourself 
 
Dressing well goes hand in hand with taking care of oneself. Just like wearing clean clothes, 
a man never truly looks good unless he takes care of his skin, hair and body. By looking after 
yourself, you say to the world “Hey, I am responsible, reliable, organized, meticulous and my 
life is in order.” Wash and moisturize your face daily, and always maintain a fresh clean-cut 
hairstyle, even if you have hair to your waist, it should be clean and combed. Wear 
deodorant, be clean-shaven or have a groomed beard, and clean your nails. This way you 
will always look your best, even in simpler clothing. 
 
While stepping out of your comfort zone is never going to be easy, becoming a better 
version of yourself is definitely possible. Dressing well is a good beginning, since it is a real 
confidence boost, especially once you start receiving compliments. Just like women, you 
guys deserve to look and feel beautiful and attractive, and with these few pieces of advice, 
you definitely can. 
 
Bonus Video 
 
7 Best Fashion TRICKS All Men Should Know by Jose Zuniga 
Style Tips to Follow to Flaunt in Traditional Wear 
Normal, worn out, normal, worn out! Is this the way that you feel when you snatch an old 
kurta and some pants for your office or college consistently? We realize that conventional 
Indian wear is the most secure wagered for a straightforward yet rich look, yet why not zest 
things up a smidgen for a change? There are ways with which you can hold that ethnic 
energy and yet make heads any place you go. The following are a couple of simple tips 
starting from dress with shrug to a lot more to keep up your sleeves for an in a flash glitz 
conventional symbol. 
 
Style continues to change with time; however, its centre continues as before. Design is 
recurrent; however, there are a few patterns that are evergreen. So everybody needs to get 
the ideal turn and be upward to date with the most popular trend patterns, be it Indian 
design or western style. 
 
The best thing about style is that you can give it your own turn and make a new and 
extraordinary look. However, with merriments around the corner, choosing the ideal 
customary wear gets highly overwhelming. The styles are changing, and everybody needs to 
add their own bend to their clothing types yet couldn't concoct something that could give 
them an upscale touch. We as a whole need solace and opportunity while wearing a 
conventional dress or a dress with a shrug, and the ideal way to do that is by giving your 
dress a cutting-edge wind.  Here are various ways of giving your traditional outfit a western 
touch and captivating everyone.  
 
Styling Tips 
 
Dress with Shrug 
 
When you wear pullovers over your crop tops, it looks like you are some fashion queen. The 
same applies to traditional wear. Dress with shrug is a traditional outfit that will give you 
casual vibes. When paired with a dress with shrug, the entire look of the ethnic Anarkali 
kurta changes and a plain Anarkali dress can thus be worn for a typical day out and even for 
a family function. Pair the dress with shrug and minimal accessories and a sling bag, and 
you’re all set! 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Half Saree 
 
Giving you all a straight styling tip here: 
 
1.  Pull-on your pair of jeans, wear an embellished V-Neck, full sleeves crop top. 
2.  Grab a saree from your wardrobe and start pleating it from one end. 
3.  Insert the pleats in your jeans and drape them like a saree. 
 
Once done, wear a golden chain belt over the half-saree, half-jeans attire and pair it with 
beautiful accessories. In an outfit like this, when the saree is styled like this, we can move 
freely and, at the same time, look beautiful and all set for a traditional day. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Basic Styling Tips: 
 
1. Wear a shirt over a Banarasi skirt. 
2. Tie your hair in a messy ponytail or a messy bun to give it a more casual yet cool look 
3. Wear your Kurti as a dress 
4. Pullover a denim jacket over your straight plain kurta 
5. Wear sneakers under a saree 
6. Wear choker over v-neck crop tops and pair it with a straight skirt 
7. Drape a Saree over a skirt 
8. Pair beautiful clutches with your attires 
 
Thus, the tips above will help you hook some eyes on yourself. Starting from a dress with a 
shrug to the basic styling tips, why do you wait to try these on? Go, get ready now! 
12 Style Tips for Short Guys (Men) to Look Taller 
If you have come across this article, then the chances are that you are not happy about your 
natural height. Well, you are not alone. A study completed by Body Logic found that 60% of 
men wished that they were taller than they are, and those respondents also felt there was a 
direct correlation between being taller and having a greater level of confidence. 
 
So, if you are hoping to gain more confidence or rid yourself of any self-consciousness by 
appearing taller than you are, you are in the right place. Listed below, we have 10+ tips on 
how you can naturally make yourself appear taller. 
 
1. Vertical Lines are Your Best Friend 
 
A good place to start on your journey to appearing to look taller is to ditch as many 
horizontal lines in your outfits as possible. We are talking about everything from horizontal 
lines patterned into your clothing choices, to accessories that cross over your body and 
break up your natural body line, for example, visible belts. So, try to ditch any belts and if 
you are a fan of strips in your clothing choices, then try to purchase vertical stripes rather 
than horizontal ones. 
 
 
2. Opt for Monochrome Tones 
 
Sticking to a particular shade of clothing will also help you appear taller, mostly by tricking 
your (and everyone else's) eyes. By minimizing the color palette of your outfits, you will not 
allow any bright colors to be introduced into your outfit, so they cannot break up the 
seamless line of your monochrome tones. Imagine putting a bright green top under a dark 
jacket and pair of pants. It will break up the line of your body by showcasing your torso. 
 
 
3. Fitted Clothes over Baggy Clothes 
 
Sadly, one style of clothing that is incredibly hard for shorter individuals to pull off is baggy 
clothes. Specific oversized clothes can sometimes give off the vibe that you are wearing 
someone else's clothes or hand-me-downs. Pants that pool around your ankles, jackets not 
fitted to your shoulders, and shirts you cannot tuck up because of excess material, they all 
need to go. Fitted clothes are key here to help make you appear more confident and to 
ensure that you wear nothing baggy. For example, wear some fitted Levi's jeans, rather than 
a baggy pair of hand-me-downs.  
 
 
4. The Old Trick: Height Boosting Shoes 
 
While we're on the subject of accessories, you can also consider adjusting your shoe style 
and material. By this, I mean choosing shoes with thicker soles and more padding. This is an 
old trick favored by shorter men in Hollywood.  
 
Wearing thick-soled shoes will add volume to the lower half of the body while 
simultaneously reducing its perceived width, which tricks people into thinking that it's 
bigger than it really is. You can check out this fun height comparison tool to have an idea of 
what your new height would be next to your SO and friends. 
 
5. Try to Wear High or Mid-Rise Pants 
 
The following two tips are all about elongating your legs. If you are on the shorter side, then 
avoiding low-rise pants is an absolute must. The end of your t-shirt or shirt, and the start of 
your trousers or jeans, show a clear divide within your body that can be hard to avoid if you 
are not using our monochrome tip above.  
 
But, by opting for high-rise or mid-rise pants, you are making your waist appear higher than 
it probably is. Which, in turn, gives the effect that your legs are longer than they are. 
 
 
6. Avoid Pant Breaks 
 
Another issue that pants can give you, similar to the oversized issue, is if you choose pants 
with a full break. This is because a fuller break will also have your pant legs bunching at the 
ankle, which will give off that same effect that you are wearing clothes way too big for you 
and eliminate any height benefits you have. Instead, opt for either a no break or a cropped 
finish to the pants. Either of these will have your pants either ending at your ankle or the 
smallest part of it, which will make your legs appear longer than they are. 
 
7. Why Not Try a V-Neck T-shirt? 
 
This tip will help you elongate another body part - this time, your neck rather than your 
legs. If you are a faithful crew-neck t-shirt wearer, then why not switch it up? By choosing a 
v-neck over a crew-neck, you will allow the natural v-shaped neckline to elongate your neck 
as there is no collar area breaking up the line from your neck to your chest.   
 
 
8. Start Wearing Pointed Shoes 
 
Women use this trick to look slimmer, wearing pointed high heels with small-scale patterns. 
Guys can use the same trick to give themselves a height boost. Just make sure you don't 
wear too many different patterns, as it could ruin the whole effect, and make people think 
that you have a Napoleon complex. 
 
Just stick to small patterns or go with plain colors. The pointed tip forces your whole body 
into good posture and makes you look taller by comparison. Additionally, pointy shoes have 
been proven to elongate the wearer's silhouette, making them appear longer from head to 
toe. 
 
9. The Long Topcoat Effect 
 
Many short men feel they can't wear coats because they make them look smaller. But this is 
not always the case. The key lies in wearing coats that are long enough to reach your knees. 
This type of coat makes you appear taller by comparison.  
 
When people see an apparently normal-sized person wearing a knee-long coat, they 
automatically assume that any other visible parts must also be longer than usual, 
subconsciously tricking them into thinking you're taller. 
 
 
10. Small Scale Patterns Work Magic for Short Guys (Men) 
 
As we've already seen in the case of pointed shoes, wearing smaller patterns can give you a 
boost. For example, if you want to add a bit of color to your outfit without going overboard, 
consider choosing a tie with a small-scale pattern. The same goes for shirt patterns. 
 
Just remember that while big prints look messy and unprofessional, too many small prints 
do the opposite. They make you look shorter due to what scientists call "visual crowding ." 
 
So just choose one or two small-scale prints max! Not only will they help add some "extra" 
inches to your height, but they also keep other people from being distracted by all the extra 
visual information on your body! 
 
11. Proportionate Accessories to Give the Illusion of Height 
 
A simple rule applies to accessories: Keep them simple and proportionate. A watch that’s 
too big or a tie that's too small for your outfit will only make you look shorter by 
comparison. A discreet watch or bracelet will be a better bet.  
 
Avoid belts with large buckles as they will both make your hips look tiny and break your 
natural body line. If you want to take it up a notch, consider getting suspenders instead. 
They are not only stylish, but they will also keep your pants from sagging and add some 
extra length to your silhouette! 
 
 
12. Stand Tall with Confidence 
 
Last but not least, having a correct posture can go a long way to making yourself seem taller. 
You may have heard of the saying, 'stand tall with confidence', but teaching yourself the 
correct posture will very much make you appear taller. This method works to both 
maximize the height that you already have, but also eliminate any bad posture habits that 
break up the natural line of your body. Say goodbye to any hunchbacks or shoulders and say 
hello to elevating your own natural height. 
 
Conclusion 
 
Although you can't change your height, you can still do a few things to appear taller. Give 
each of these tips a try, see what works, and try to mix and match them with other essential 
fashion tips that will make you feel more confident in your appearance in no time.  
Hat Styling Tips 2023: Add Spunk to Your Personality 
With multiple categories of hats available in the market, it’s often overwhelming to select 
the one that goes with your personality. When you see your favorite fashion influencer or 
celebrity wearing different hats, you may be wondering whether you can create the same 
effect with your selection of hats? Believe it or not, it is possible. You can wear medium-
priced hats and create a similar effect only with confidence. You can complement your outfit 
with elegant-looking hats that will make you different in the crowd. You will have to 
consider various options in terms of style and color if you want to create a stylish look in 
2023. 
 
One critical area that you will have to look into is your head size. Apart from the head size, 
the face shape also makes a difference. People with an oval shape, round shape, and long 
shape faces have different options before them. For example, individuals with long faces will 
have to go for wide-brimmed hats to cut across the forehead and create an impression of a 
shorter look. Hence, you can go for fedora hats but not beanies. 
 
On the other hand, your head size also makes a huge difference. You must go for Panama 
hats, fedora hats, and newsboy caps if you have a big head. Wide-brimmed hats are the best 
for big heads. While considering hats for big heads, you will have to go with wide-brimmed, 
lightweight, and breathable hats that create a mysterious look.  
 
Hat styles that will make you look elegant in the crowd 
 
Now that you have decided to purchase a hat for your occasion, it’s time to delve deep into 
the options. There are tons of choices before you when you hit the market. You don’t have to 
be a hat specialist to purchase a hat. All you need to do is obey simple guidelines that 
experts provide you. Do not be scared of experimenting with your accessories because that 
might give you a completely distinct look. 
 
Sun hats are ideal for casual settings 
 
Yes, you may feel that sun hats are only good for a beachside look. However, it is not so. If 
you want to flaunt your face, hair, and neck, all you need to do is get a sun hat.  
 
Image Credit: Freepik  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Select big hats with wide brims and wide circumference 
 
It will not only deliver you shade but elevate your look to another level. Sightseeing, 
gardening, hiking, or when you are heading towards the beach, you will require some 
protection. Hence, floppy hats are the best option. You can select those coming with a light 
color like beige, white, or pastel shades. They limit the rays of the sun and thereby keep 
your head cooler. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Fedora hats are decent for every season 
 
Again, you may feel that fedora hats are only for the summer season. However, your thought 
is wrong. If you want to hide your bad hair day, you can rely on fedora hats. Believe it or not, 
the curved headwear comes with indented crowns to draw all the attention towards you. 
You don’t have to style yourself with additional accessories. All you need is to pair your hats 
with white t-shirts and fitted trousers to do the talking. Fedora hats are available in 
different materials and colors. You will have to mix and match different shapes and textures 
to create a feminine balance. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Beret caps are ideal for winter evenings 
 
If you are interested in a distinctive look with a flat crown and woven style, you will have to 
look at beret hats. Hats are not only popular among women but also men. Ever since the 
early 19th century, this headwear has become popular in the western world. They are an 
integral part of official uniforms all across the globe. Hence, they are not only adequate for 
casual events but also formal get together. Another distinctive feature associated with the 
beret is that they are available in different materials and colors. Felt, wool, synthetic fiber, 
and crochet cotton helps in manufacturing these hats. Hence, you are in a better stance to 
select among them. 
 
Image Credit: Amazon  
 
How about wearing cowboy hats for your outdoor events?  
 
If you are interested in gardening, hiking, or any such outdoor activities, you can go for 
wide-brimmed and high crown cowboy hats. They are prevalent all across Western 
countries and have always remained in fashion. Irrespective of your sense of style, you can 
wear cowboy hats to give a rugged appearance and a mysterious look. Cowboy hats are 
available in different materials. However, the traditional ones are fur-based.   
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Apart from this, you can also take a look at Panama hats. Originating in Ecuador, these hats 
belong to a specific season. Hence, they are lightweight, breathable, and easy to maintain. 
The tight weaving makes these hats long-lasting and durable. For that authentic and 
traditional look, you will have to go for these breathable alternatives. 
Winter Wardrobe Essentials for 2023 (9 Staples) 
With the Winter fast approaching, it's time to up your wardrobe game with these simple 
essentials! From warm layers to stylish elements, this list contains the perfect combination 
of staying toasty with looking amazing. Plus, the great thing about all of these choices is that 
there are items out there to suit any budget. So, what are you waiting for? Let’s upgrade 
your winter wardrobe in 2023 with these essentials!  
 
1) Black Jeans 
 
Although this might seem like a simple one, black jeans will help to set up your wardrobe 
for the whole winter. They literally go with anything and can be dressed up or dressed 
down for any occasion. You could choose wide-leg black jeans, black skinny jeans or any 
style to suit you! Plus, you know that black jeans are never going to go out of style, so you 
can wear them again and again. Not only this, but if they fade over time, you can re-dye 
them so they will keep looking brand new.  
 
Keep it super simple with your black jeans, a white t-shirt and a colourful puffer jacket. 
Dress your jeans right up with a blazer and white shirt. Pair with a hoodie and autumnal 
coloured trainers for an effortless weekend look. Your options really are endless when it 
comes to black jeans, so you know you will be wearing these time after time.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
2) Wool Overcoat 
 
Next up we have a wool overcoat, a dressier staple for any winter wardrobe. Wool overcoats 
are long sleeve coats with a classic shape that usually sits between the mid-thigh and knee. 
No matter which dressy outfit you are wearing, when you throw on an overcoat, the whole 
outfit will come together. For a classic and timeless, go with either a navy, black or camel 
coloured overcoat.  
 
Pair a camel overcoat with an all-black outfit for a classy look. To add a bit more warmth, go 
with a white shirt, nude cable knit jumper and a camel overcoat with blue jeans and camel 
boots. If you prefer a more monochromatic look, choose a grey overcoat with a white shirt 
and black trousers. Your options are endless with a wool overcoat so this really is essential 
in any wardrobe!  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
3) Thick Flannel Overshirt 
 
Another winter essential when it comes to layering is a thick flannel overshirt! This is a 
classic style that is absolutely timeless, so it is worth investing in. First, choose which colour 
scheme you want to go for. Go for a classic red and black, more simply grey and white or a 
camel, black and brown for a modern edge. This will depend on the colour of the t-shirt, 
likely either black or white.  
 
Then, pair the t-shirt and shirt with black or blue jeans, perhaps ripped for a nice twist. You 
could keep it more casual with a hooded tracksuit underneath for a slightly smarter casual 
look. To dress it up, go with a turtleneck, black jeans and boat shoes. The most simple of all 
is a full black outfit with your flannel shirt for an effortless look.  
 
4) Puffer Jacket 
 
Puffer jackets are another staple in any winter wardrobe! This one is much more focused on 
keeping warm, but hopefully, you realise by now that this doesn’t mean you need to 
compromise on style. You could go for a lightweight puffer jacket if you like to layer or you 
could choose something much thicker if you like your coat to be the main warming element.  
 
Style with tracksuits, jeans or even smart trousers and you will create a killer look every 
time. To make this your main winter coat, choose a waterproof choice. No matter your 
budget, this piece will become a wardrobe staple every year. For a more affordable option 
without compromising on quality, wait around for a women's or men's puffer jacket sale! 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
5) Beanie 
 
Going in the direction of accessories, you should invest in a beanie! We all need to make 
sure that we are keeping warm through the winter and this is a stylish way to go about it. 
Beanies come in all different colours, so maybe you could go for a brighter option if the 
majority of your wardrobe is more neutral coloured, like a mustard yellow or deep orange. 
If you love more simple colours, keep it simple with a marl grey or black.  
 
Again, beanies can be thrown on with anything and they will look great, so you have 
something on hand when it's cold no matter what you’re wearing!  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
6) Scarf 
 
While we are on the topic of warm accessories, you should pair your beanie with a matching 
scarf! Of course, we want everything to look good, so choosing something that matches is a 
great choice, especially if you have chosen a more basic neutral colour. However, you could 
go with a simple black scarf if you don’t want too much colour on the outfit. Nevertheless, 
having a scarf in your winter wardrobe no matter what is essential to keep you warm in 
winter 2023!  
 
7) Chelsea Boots 
 
Our next choice is a good pair of Chelsea boots. Sometimes trainers just don’t cut it on the 
coldest of days, so having a  thick boot with nice socks is essential. Plus, Chelsea boots are a 
timeless classic that you will reach for every year. As with the rest of our picks, this one is so 
diverse.  
 
One of the best ways to style Chelsea boots is with a grey overcoat, a white t-shirt and 
ripped blue jeans. Or, style it right up with a black turtleneck, smart checkered trousers and 
a black overcoat. Suede or leather are two of the most popular choices, with leather being 
the easiest to maintain over time. With a pair of Chelsea boots in the cupboard, you will 
never be stuck for choice.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
8) Cable Knit Jumper 
 
Another important thing when it comes to warmth is a cable knit jumper. When it comes to 
colour, your options really are endless. Keep it simple with black, grey or nude, go with a 
hint of colour with a dark green, burgundy or navy, or go bold with mustard or bright blue! 
Wear on its own or with a shirt underneath for a smarter twist on this look that will keep 
you warm on a night out.  
 
Crew neck cable knit jumpers look amazing or you could go with a turtleneck if it is 
particularly cold where you live! Make sure to go for an oversized one if you choose to go 
with a turtleneck, as this will make you feel super cosy. On a cold day, throw on your jeans 
and cable knit jumper and you’ll be good to go. If you need an extra layer, go with a long 
sleeve top underneath for extra warmth.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
9) ¼ Zip Sweater 
 
Last but not least, we have a ¼ zip sweater. For the days where a cable knit jumper isn’t 
quite dressy enough, then a cable knit jumper worn over a shirt or long sleeve top is a 
dressy and warm option that is effortlessly stylish! Jeans, trousers and even joggers can all 
look amazing with a ¼ zip sweater, so having one of these on hand is always a good idea. 
Comfy, cosy and warm, this is a staple that will help to get you through winter looking 
stylish.  
 
Final Thoughts 
 
Who said your 2023 winter wardrobe has to be dull just so you can keep warm! With these 
different winter wardrobe essentials, you’re all set for a stylish winter wardrobe that is also 
practical. From cosy winter accessories to essential coats and stylish finishing touches, you 
will find yourself reaching for these pieces year after year, making these classic pieces cost-
effective and eco-friendly pieces! Prepare to always have something to wear this winter 
with these amazing wardrobe staples.  
Summer Wardrobe Tips 2023 | Up Your Fashion Game 
Some people love summertime, whereas others find the heat very problematic. Although 
summer clothes are super fashionable sometimes, it can be challenging to understand what 
works best. You want to feel comfortable in your clothes along with looking stylish. Feeling 
good is just as important as looking good. 
 
There are certain dos and don'ts when it comes to wearing the right clothes in this weather. 
You want to dress in a way that does not make you feel the heat or humidity. You also do 
not want to buy something because it is trending and then never wear it again. You want 
something that completes your wardrobe and complements your whole look. That's why we 
will talk about seven summer wardrobe tips that will help enhance your fashion game in 
2023. 
 
1. Make Dresses Your Best Friend 
 
Dresses are super underrated. You do not have to wear a dress only when going to some 
formal gatherings. A comfortable flowy dress is perfect for summer. It will not make you 
feel hot because of the light fabric, and it will not make you sweat either. The best thing 
about dresses is that you can wear them when you can't figure out what to wear otherwise. 
Minimal effort goes into styling it. You can add a pair of sandals with the right accessories, 
and it will make you look chic. 
 
There are different types of dresses you can opt for, such as minidresses, maxi dresses, and 
sundresses. Sundresses are essential for summer. Not only can you find the most 
comfortable plus-size sundresses, but the floral prints will give off the perfect summertime 
vibe. Add a pair of sunglasses and floral sandals, and you are good to go almost anywhere. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
2. Opt for Light Colors 
 
As much as dark colors make us feel bold, try opting for lighter colors in the summer. 
Lighter colors reflect heat and make us feel breezy, and give the perfect vibe. Light colors 
have an airy and cool feel that fits with summer, which dark colors do not. Pastel colors also 
come under this category and look stylish. There are plenty of ways to wear pastel-colored 
clothing. Colors such as lilac, light blue, and mint green are trending pastel colors. You can 
mix and match these colors or wear them with neutrals. For example, you can mix neutral 
colors, such as gray, with a pastel color for an elegant and classy look. You can also mix 
neutral tones with a pastel nude color, such as beige or light peach. You can style these 
colors with various accessories and do natural makeup and look flawless. 
 
3. Avoid Skin-Tight Clothes 
 
Tight clothing absorbs heat and makes you sweat, which are two things you don't want. The 
heat and humidity are already stressful, let alone having your clothes bother you too. Thus, 
choose clothes that have a lot of air circulation. Loose-fitting and flowy clothing not only 
gives excessive airflow but also goes hand in hand with summertime. You can wear crop 
tops, oversized shirts, wide-legged pants, and loose blouses, which will help you stay cool. 
You can also wear off-shoulder or sleeveless blouses for a formal look. It will make you feel 
stylish and not let the heat get to you either.   
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
4. Choose the Right Fabric 
 
You must know the correct fabric for summer. Choosing clothes based on the material will 
only matter during this time. However, it is something that needs proper attention. You 
want to wear breathable and light fabrics that will not make you feel sweaty. Try to wear 
cotton, silk, chiffon, or linen clothing. You can also choose jersey material and wear basic t-
shirts and V-necks. Also, if you want textured clothing, you can choose fabrics such as 
seersucker. It will be light and make you look fashionable. The best thing about these 
materials is that they give the perfect summer vibe, along with making you heat-free. 
 
5. Own a Variety of Tank Tops 
 
You must own at least two tank tops. Tank tops are the most useful items in your entire 
wardrobe and it is the perfect thing for summer. You can wear a tank top and a pair of pants 
to beat the heat with a summer-loving casual outfit. Yet, you can also wear it below a sheer 
dress. Apart from this, you can wear different colored tank tops, such as red, blue, or pink 
every day, and create a whole new look. You can also pair it with tights/shorts and create an 
outfit for the beach. You can style a tank top in almost any way, and adding accessories gives 
an effortless summer look. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
6. Say No to Denim 
 
Denim is always a good idea, but not in summer! The fabric is quite heavy and will keep 
bothering you. Denim jeans, high-waisted or skinny, will make you feel hot in the summer. 
As an alternative to jeans, you can choose different lowers, which have more breathable 
fabric. You can wear cotton or linen straight pants, palazzos, or baggy pants. However, if you 
still want to wear denim, wear wide-leg jeans, which will allow better airflow than other 
options. However, with the variety of clothing items available nowadays, try choosing 
something stylish and comfortable. 
 
7. Rely on Skirts and Shorts 
 
Skirts and shorts have plenty of variety. They are breathable and help in preventing 
excessive heat. Mini skirts are your holy grail for summer. You can pair this with formal or 
casual tops and sandals or closed shoes. It will give you a chic semi-casual summer outfit. 
Other options for skirts include tulle and pleated skirts. When we talk about shorts, you can 
choose anything you prefer. Try going for floral printed or lace shorts. Floral prints are 
perfect for summer. You can pair them with a tank top/button-down shirt and wedges to 
give a chic vibe. Lace shorts add an extra feminine touch to your look. You can pair this with 
a crop top and a summer hat and make a statement style. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Conclusion 
 
The most important thing to remember when it comes to choosing clothes is comfort. If you 
are not comfortable, nothing else matters. It would help if you never compromised your 
comfort because of style. While you should look good, nothing trumps your satisfaction. If 
you are wearing something that others wear out of peer pressure, that will not look good. 
Wear clothes that you like and are easy to carry. If you feel good, you will automatically look 
good too. These tips will help you with the heat and give you choices on clothing and 
fashion, but in the end, only you can decide what suits you best.   
Winter Outfit Ideas 2023 - Up Your Fashion Game 
So, the winter season is coming.  
 
Well, cheers to that! Not only is winter an enjoyable season, but it also comes with a chance 
to style up your winter outfit!  
 
Most people find it challenging to develop an outfit that makes them look nice in the winter. 
Although it is essential to protect yourself against the cold weather, it is also necessary to 
keep up with fashion.  
 
Having said that, we have decided to bring forth some excellent fashion tips you can follow 
to rock your winter outfits in 2023!  
 
1. A do-it-all stole 
 
If you are looking for something to up your fashion game this winter, you must focus on 
getting highly versatile.  
 
A do-it-all stole should do the job. However, this stole doubles up as a neck warmer, and in 
winters, Cardigan makes for the best option.  
 
Consider spending on buying a stole that you can pair with many of your winter outfits. 
Since it is warm enough to keep you cozy, you won’t need to worry about feeling cold when 
wearing such stoles.  
 
Highly warm and cozy, a do-it-all stole is worth a try!  
 
Also Read: Must-Have Wardrobe Essentials for Winter  
 
 
2. Solid Knits 
 
To up your winter fashion game, you must go for versatile dress options and go with a wide 
variety of looks.  
 
Solid knitted pullovers are all that you need to look cool. Choose knits in solid colors as they 
offer the highest versatility. To uplift your winter looks, you should choose knits that 
provide a range of color options as well as their delicate texture.  
 
Choose solid knits to make for a great way of adding edginess to your outfit without 
overdoing it.  
 
If you want to make the most with your solid knits, you can pair them with structured 
jackets, coats, cardigans, and shrugs.  
 
 
3. Trench coats 
 
Trench coats are a central part of the perfect winter closet! The trench coats used to be very 
famous all around the Western countries.  
 
However, Asians have taken a page out of the book of Western countries as trench coats are 
becoming popular all over Asia as well!  
 
Trench coats give a “timeless” appeal to them. Seeing that they come with a complete design 
and offer comfort and style, these coats are an excellent option for formalwear and casual 
wear.  
 
So, in conclusion, wearing trench coats are the perfect way to add form and structure to 
your winter outfits!  
 
 
4. Wool blend lowers 
 
You may have come across many sources suggesting wearing layered legging in winter.  
 
We agree that the idea sure sounds fun! However, if you aim for formal wear, the layered 
leggings will not have much to offer.  
 
However, Woll blend lowers are the perfect alternative to casual layered leggings! You can 
wear wool-blend trousers with skirts. As such dressing offers warmth and comfort, this 
dressing is the ideal option for dressing up winters.  
 
When selecting wool-blend lowers, you should consider choosing deep colors such as grey 
or navy blue. Then, you can pair them with classic knits or silk shirts.  
 
5. Knee-high boots  
 
While you can try out many winter outfit ideas, the classics never go out of style!  
 
These classic shoes usually run all the way up to the knees of the wearer. However, in some 
cases, the boots also fall slightly under as well. These shoes feel tight around the leg shaft 
and ankle.  
 
This tightness ensures that these shoes offer a secure fit to the user. In addition, 
manufacturers usually use leather to design these shoes. Since they are made from leather, 
these shoes provide the right amount of warmth to the users.  
 
Wear these shoes with a pullover and a formal skirt to rock the look!  
 
 
6. Ankle boot 
 
Ankle boots come in handy the most in the winter season.  
 
Since they are highly fashionable and go well with casual dresses, you can pair them with 
trousers to rock your casual winter looks!  
 
These shoes offer a perfect combination of style and comfort, which is just what you should 
look for in shoes for winter. 
 
You will find that these shoes are highly versatile. They go well with dresses, skirts, leather 
jackets, and even blazers! You name it.  
 
 
7. Oxford shoe  
 
You may know Oxford shoes as lace-up shoes. These shoes have the bottom of the lacing 
section closed due to sewing.  
 
Furthermore, they also come with their eyelet facings stitched underneath the vamp. This 
design is featured on the front section of the shoe.  
 
It’s safe to say that these shoes are trendy. Other than that, these shoes also happen to be 
unisex.  
 
In conclusion, Oxford shoes give you a lot of variety as they work well with formal and 
casual wear alike. Considering that, they will make an excellent option for improvising your 
fashion game!  
 
 
8. Leather jackets 
 
There couldn’t be a better time all around the year if you love wearing leather jackets. Not 
only are they hot and comfortable, but they are very stylish as well! We wouldn’t be wrong 
if we said that leather jackets happen to be one of the most popular forms of winter 
outerwear.  
 
Here is a crazy fact for you: The origins of leather jackets date back to World War I. Even 
after being around for so long, leather jackets still happen to be the one-stop fashion 
solution for many men and women. If you wonder what kind of leather jacket you should 
buy, you must check out sexy leather jackets online!  
 
 
Final Thoughts 
 
While many dress options are available in the winter, we have managed to narrow down to 
the best options to make your winters more fashionable! Here go some amazing winter 
outfit ideas that you can follow to up your fashion game in 2023.  
 
We have ensured to take tips from the best fashion bloggers all around the world. And that’s 
how we know that these are the best possible tips out there.  
 
However, if you have a fashion tip that would make a great addition to the list, drop it in the 
comments below!  
What to Wear for Maternity Photoshoot in 2023 
We all know that as blissful as pregnancy is, it can be equally hard too. And an expecting 
mother goes through all kinds of emotional swings throughout this period. At the same 
time, it is also a phase when a lady becomes the creator of a new life, carrying it within her 
body. 
 
Pregnancy brings both physical and emotional transformation to the woman. Inevitably, 
she’d want to capture the moments and cherish them for a lifetime and more. In the modern 
world, a maternity photoshoot is the best way to capture these precious moments of life.  
 
Over the years, maternity photoshoots have progressed from taking informal images at 
home to going out and having them photographed in a studio. Either way, the challenge that 
every expecting mother faces is, “what to wear for maternity photoshoot in 2023?” 
 
Choosing the correct outfit for an occasion has always been a tough choice especially when 
it’s about pregnancy shoots. And this further complicates the decisions to be made. At the 
same time, it is also important that the mother feels comfortable in whatever she chooses to 
wear throughout the shoot.  
 
In this informative article, we will share a few tips and ideas on maternity photoshoot 
outfits for 2023.  
 
1. Trail Gowns 
 
There is a certain elegance and timelessness that comes with gowns. And when you are 
pregnant, you get to wear your baby bump with even more pride than ever. With Trail 
Gowns especially, things tend to get easier and at times, even royal. They are easy to carry 
and comfortable around the baby bump. In maternity photoshoots, they capture the essence 
of your curves and contours. Furthermore, trail gowns can sprinkle a bit of drama into your 
shoot. In a still photograph, the flowing fabric as you flaunt your baby bump, adds to the 
overall appeal of the picture.   
 
Image credit: Pinterest 
 
 2. Maternity Photoshoot in Saree Ideas  
 
Yes, you read it right! Another option for your maternity photoshoot can be a saree. We all 
know that those six yards of sheer elegance have been doing wonders for as long as we can 
remember. And nothing stops a mother from wearing a saree for a baby bump photoshoot. 
There are no boundaries on the type of sarees you can wear on a pre baby shoot. Wrap it in 
any style you want and let the camera bring grace to the picture.  
 
Image credit: Pinterest (indian maternity photoshoot in saree) 
 
Image credit: Kiran_photography (saree maternity photoshoot)  
 
Image credit: Pinterest (pregnancy photoshoot in saree) 
 
Image credit: Pinterest (maternity photoshoot in saree) 
 
3. Lehanga 
 
Another ethnic costume suitable for a pregnancy photoshoot is to go for your wedding 
lehenga. Wearing a lehenga is every girl’s dream come true. And the dream becomes even 
more divine during a maternity shoot. However, you don’t have to buy a whole new lehenga 
for the shoot. You can use the one you wore for your engagement or wedding or any other 
function. It will not only bring the extra spark to your shoot but also will bring back so many 
memories just to build them with the new ones. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest 
 
4. Professional Outfit 
 
While we have discussed a lot of tastes so far, not everyone wants to go with traditional 
outfits. And as we said before, it’s important for the mother to be comfortable in whatever 
she wears. So, you may also choose to wear professional-work attire. You can pair up a skirt 
with a shirt or a dress. You can always “Boss Up” your maternity photoshoot! 
 
Image credit: pinterest 
 
5. Casuals  
 
Speaking of comfort, some women also like to keep things casual or go for a street look. And 
maternity photoshoots are all up for it! For casual looks, you can run to the basics like a 
black top and jeans with a denim jacket. Or you can go for dungarees or a crop top with 
shorts. You may even go for flair dresses. Casual looks tend to fit well in backgrounds like 
home settings, backyards, parks and even the famous landmarks of your city.  
 
Image credit: pinterest 
 
6. One-Piece Bikini 
 
Maternity photoshoots are all about showing off your baby bump. A one-piece full set of 
bikinis are a good option to show off your curves. For that, you can go for solid-colored 
bikini costumes or with neons.  
 
Image credit: pinterest 
 
7. Solid Colors 
 
Since it’s a maternity shoot, the prime focus is on the baby bump and nothing should 
distract the focus from it. We generally suggest going with solid colors so your baby bump 
stays the prime focus. However, a couple pieces of jewelry or a scarf never hurt anyone.  
 
Image credit: pinterest 
 
8. Textured Clothing 
 
Using textured clothing for your maternity shoot is a great way to add dimension to your 
photos without overcrowding them. Lace is a beautiful and feminine option that pictures 
beautifully. At the same time, knits are not far behind. Textured clothing will give your 
maternity photoshoot an extra edge and is the perfect substitute for prints and patterns.  
 
9. Have Two Outfits  
 
With maternity shoots, it’s good to keep your options open. We suggest that you must have 
two outfits ready such as one for casuals and one for a sophisticated shoot. It brings variety 
to your pictures. All you have to do is inform your photographer that you’d like to change 
outfits during the shoot.  
 
10. Bold Themes 
 
You can have bold prints, vivid colors, and classic childhood themes if you want to bring a 
huge personality to your pregnancy photography. Any of these clothes can make a joyful 
statement in your maternity images. A wonderful method to put joy first during your 
pregnancy! 
 
Image credit: pinterest 
 
11. Choosing Outfits With Your Partner and Children 
 
If you want to include your partner or kids in your maternity photos, choose your dress first 
and then theirs to complement your style. The best option is to choose solid neutral colors. 
Adding a splash of color with accessories, on the other hand, is a terrific way to bring 
everyone in the photo together. 
 
There's no need to be concerned about what to wear for a maternity photoshoot. The first 
half of the battle is settling on your overall look, and then you're good to go. Also, avoid 
wearing clothing, cosmetics, or hair that is overly trendy. Allow your bump to take center 
stage in documenting and remembering this special moment.  
 
Author Bio (Guest Author) 
 
Meghna Rathore (Meghna Rathore Photography) is professional maternity, newborn baby, 
and kid photographer. She is based out of Delhi and has been creating lifetime memories for 
her clients for many years.  
11 Boho Outfit Ideas for Women (Bohemian Attire 2023) 
As time passes, more and more people are embracing the bohemian style as part of their 
wardrobe. Boho style is not only unique and chic but also keeps your style statement on 
point. Boho outfit is the perfect styling opportunity for those who want the liberty of adding 
their own personal touches to their fashion. Listed below are 10+ bohemian outfit for 
women for 2023 to draw inspiration from. Also, there is a video below on 'BOHO Style 
Guide' - make sure you watch it before leaving this page.  
 
1. Breathable Bohemian Pants 
 Lightweight and breathable, these loosey-goosey pants are a perfect example of bohemian 
pants for women that fit around your waist comfortably and let you move in style. It comes 
in various patterns and styles and allows easy movements for the body. Letting you stand 
out of the crowd is another plus point to add to its pros list. With this purchase, your 
wardrobe will look great. No matter which style of top you pair them with, these pants 
won't let you down.  
 
Image credit: Pinterest (shein) 
 
Image credit: Pinterest (boho outfit) 
 
2. Boho-Style Maxi  
 This boho-style maxi dress will be one of the wardrobe updates that you'll be grateful for in 
the long run. You tie a bun or let your curls loose. You wear long boots or pair them with a 
sandal. This style of dress can't go wrong if you let its flair take up the breeze and put on a 
belt. Make your personal style statement effortlessly by wearing it and flaunting it with 
minimalist jewelry. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest (bohemian attire) 
 
3. Bohemian Shorts 
 Summer is the time for the beach, and bohemian shorts are a great addition to your 
wardrobe. A stretchy and lightweight piece of clothing will let you enjoy any picnic or 
outdoor activity. With a plain round-neck shirt and sneakers, you can pair it with different 
patterns. It can be styled as you see fit, and you can rock your look without breaking a 
sweat.  
 
Image credit: Pinterest (bohemian theme outfit) 
 
4. Bohemian Themed Pants 
 Do you want a unique and stylish outfit that reflects your wild personality? You'll love these 
bohemian-themed pants this season. This attire looks great with plain white or a splash of 
any other color on top, a tank top, or a boho scarf, this outfit speaks volumes about the 
seriousness with which you take dressing. Comfortable, trending, and economical all at the 
same time. These pants are a must-have this season.   
 
 
5. Flowy Top 
 An airy white top is a must-have for summer. Despite being easy-going and comfortable, 
this boho top still keeps you looking stylish. With jeans or tights, this top will complete your 
carnival look. Enhance its overall appearance with minimal accessories. Adding a cowboy 
hat might take your look to the next level by making it more adventurous. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest (boho attire female) 
 
6. Bohemian Skirt 
 The Capri length of a bohemian skirt with a tribal print makes it easy to pair multiple tops 
with it. No matter what shoes you wear, whether sandals or boots, t-shirt or boho-printed 
shirt, this skirt goes with everything. For an added tribal touch, accessorize your jewelry 
with chokers or with heavy necklaces. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest (bohemian dress code female) 
 
 
7. Long Boho Coat 
 Do you mind stepping out in a coat that gives the most refreshing vibes instead of bringing 
dull coats? Absolutely not. Wearing this coat on a stroll down the windy streets will make 
your evening walk comfortable and stylish. Put it on with a monochrome dress and boots so 
that it stands out and you are ready for a night out. 
 
 
8. Long Sleeve Printed Shirt 
 Featuring a long sleeve and button-down front, this shirt offers a casual and graceful look. 
The perfect way to flaunt your unique personality with style, this shirt breaks all the rules. 
For bohemians, loose sleeves provide a relaxed, casual look that makes it an excellent choice 
for people who want more comfortable apparel. With its floral print from top to bottom and 
versatile design, this shirt can be worn with ease in multiple environments. It will look great 
with long boots or harem pants. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest (bohemian attire for women) 
 
9. Cashmere Ponchos 
 Take a look at this outstanding handmade cashmere yak wool poncho. Isn't it the coolest 
poncho you've ever seen? With this brilliant textured maroon poncho, you will look 
stunning and stay warm all winter long. It also features matching tribal embroidery at the 
ends that will surely provide you a style boost. It looks good with either shorts or pants and 
can be worn with whatever color pants you want, such as light or dark pants. A short-sleeve 
shirt from the above selection will perfectly match these ponchos. 
 
 
10. Vintage Style Bohemian Shirt 
 Wearing a vintage-style boho shirt with hand bracelets will make you feel like a traveler or 
a wanderer. You'll stay cool and comfortable in this shirt throughout the day. Designed with 
a fresh print, this piece orchestrates a stylish look. Bohemian style is all about keeping it 
casual while still looking chic, so you may not have to iron it. 
 
 
11. Women’s Woven Shirt  
 
The fashionable and versatile woven shirt makes an excellent women's bohemian top that 
can be worn on numerous occasions without having to worry about matching patterns and 
colors. Due to its casual look and naturally dyed color, it goes well with almost any pants or 
shorts. A perfect pairing would be navy blue shorts or khaki boho trousers. Casual collars 
are added to the fabric to add a touch of grace and comfort without taking away from the 
fabric's casualness. Its short sleeves make it more comfortable and easier to wear in all 
weather, and you can layer it with a shawl in the winter. 
 
Taking your style to the next level, the summer of 2023 invites you to show off a unique 
boho look. With this 10+ bohemian attire for female, you will certainly set your bar high and 
look great! 
 
Bonus: BOHO Style Guide by Himani Aggarwal 
6 Timeless Fashion Trends That Never Go Out of Style 
Everyone should have a few closet staples in their wardrobe. Closet staples are timeless 
fashion trends that never go out of style. By adding these six trendy and comfortable fashion 
items to your wardrobe, you’ll never have another; “I don’t have anything to wear!” moment 
again. 
 
1) White Linen Shorts 
 
White linen shorts can be dressed up or down, which makes them one of the best fashion 
trends. If you’re having a relaxed day, you can pair them with a casual women’s t-shirt. This 
look is perfect for running errands, picking up the kids from school, working from home - 
and so much more. It’s important to feel trendy and stylish, even while wearing something 
comfortable. It will help your confidence soar through the roof. 
 
White linen shorts can also be dressed up. Pair your white linen shorts and casual women’s 
t-shirt with your favorite heels and a few stunning accessories, and head out to lunch with 
the girls. Yes, it’s really that simple. You can also pair your white linen shorts with stylish 
button-down shirts, crop tops, off-the-shoulder ruffle blouses - and much more. Get creative 
and style your white linen shorts to suit any occasion you’re attending. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
2) Stretchy Boot Cut Pants 
 
You absolutely have to own a pair or two of stretchy boot-cut pants. Stretchy boot-cut pants 
are usually worn at work or in other professional settings. But, that doesn’t mean that they 
aren’t versatile. Let’s talk about why you need these trendy pants: 
 
●  They’re incredibly comfortable and functional. You can wear them for hours at a time 
without feeling like, “Oh my gosh, I can’t wait until I can take these off” 
●  You can wear them at work or for dinner. 
●  Because they’re stretchy, they’ll fit comfortably, even though minor weight fluctuations 
or bloating.  
●  They look nice! Just like white linen shorts, stretchy boot-cut pants flatter your natural 
silhouette. 
 Pair your stretchy bootcut pants with heels and your favorite work blouse. Or, get a slightly 
oversized linen button-down and head out to the best dinner spot in town. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
3) Oversized Cardigans 
 
Oversized cardigans are cozy, comfy, trendy, and easy to style! They work during all seasons 
and, most importantly, they can also be dressed up or down. If you have some quick errands 
to run, wear an oversized cardigan with your favorite t-shirt and some comfy leggings.  
 
If you happen to get a spontaneous call from your friends to meet them for some eats and 
drinks during your quick errand day, don’t panic! Simply, throw on your favorite heels or 
fancy sandals and you’ve got yourself a whole new outfit.  
 
Don’t throw your oversized cardigan into storage during summer, either. You’ll be needing 
it. With an oversized cardigan in your closet during the summer, you’ll be ready for the 
chills of movie theaters and cool night walks. Oversized cardigans are also perfect for 
keeping warm in offices with frigid A/C, unexpectedly windy rainy days, and anything in 
between.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
4) Pencil Skirts 
 
Another versatile closet staple. A pencil skirt is like your own personal magic fairy. All you 
need is ask, and it’ll grant all your wishes. Work, church, brunch, shopping - pencil skirts 
work for literally any occasion. They’re stretchy, comfy and they’re definitely never going 
out of style.  
 
There are so many outfits that you can make with a pencil skirt. They can be worn with 
heels, sandals, or sneakers. And best of all, you can buy them short, mid-length, or long. Pair 
your pencil skirt with a leather jacket and sneakers or a blazer and heels. Dress up with a 
formal floral blouse or dress down with a graphic tee. The possibilities with pencil skirts are 
literally endless! 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
5) V-Neck T-Shirt Dresses 
 
Flowy, comfy, versatile. You need a v-neck t-shirt dress. Your wardrobe is simply not 
complete without it. You can pair your v-neck t-shirt dress with just about anything and 
wear it just about anywhere. Sneakers, flip flops, or casual sandals are the perfect 
combination with your v-neck t-shirt dress for a relaxed day.  
 
If you’re looking to be a bit more dressed up heels, high knee boots, or dressy sandals are 
perfect combinations for a v-neck t-shirt dress. Regardless of your shoe or accessory choice, 
you’ll always be comfortable while wearing a t-shirt dress.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
6) Midi Skirts 
 
Owning a midi skirt is a necessity. Trendy and comfy midi skirts are a big must-have in your 
wardrobe! What are your plans today? Traveling on a dreamy European or Caribbean 
vacation? Wear a midi skirt. Going to work? Yup, you can wear a midi skirt. Heading to 
dinner with the love of your life? You can definitely wear a midi skirt! 
 
Midi skirts come in so many amazing patterns and colors, that it’ll be impossible to own just 
one. But don’t worry! Owning 100 can never be considered a crime. Pair your midi skirts 
with literally anything and leave your house feeling confident and gorgeous.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
When you own comfortable fashion trends that will never go out of style, you always have 
something to wear. Even if it’s just an errand day, leave your house feeling confident, 
beautiful, radiant, and always looking your best. 
Casual Dress for Women - Summer Trends 2023 
Summer is ahead and my feed has started popping up with the posts for the latest trends to 
look out for. Stylists have begun creating looks that would be trending this summer. This 
past year, during the lockdown we all have spent our days and nights in pajamas and 
nightwear. Some of you might still prefer slouchy clothes with light fabrics for work from 
home, most of us are pretty tired of it and want to hop on the latest trend bandwagon and 
try some new styles. To be honest, even my Insta needs some cheering up!  
 
It is being said that, as the previous year, 2023 will also be the year of comebacks. Like tie-
dye, which is still going strong, matching separates and oversized clothing has also made a 
banging comeback. Sadly, we aren’t still able to go out on a regular basis but that does not 
mean we can’t dress up a little for dinner at home, a zoom call to family and friends, or 
sizzle up a boring day. Here we have gathered some casual fashion trends and styles that 
are easy to achieve at home. These styles will give an edge to your everyday clothing. Give 
the list below a quick look. 
 
1) Statement Sleeve Tops 
 
It isn’t the first time this trend is in the spotlight. Every time the style returns, it is grander 
than before. For outings, you can go big and bold but as we are planning to stay indoors, 
keep it a little subtle and remember not to overdo it. Be it ruffled, victorian, bell, bishop, or 
balloon sleeves, pair it with a pair of denim shorts, your regular jeans, or a pair of plaid 
trousers to give it a smart casual look at the dinner table. Pair it with a pair of studs or a 
bracelet to keep it minimal. Statement sleeves being in demand, many websites have it on 
sale; order the one that reflects your style. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
2) Wide-Legged Pants (Palazzos)  
 
Wide-legged pants have become the reigning silhouette for bottoms in recent times. As we 
are staying indoors and it’s going to be summers, skinny jeans and fitted pants simply 
cannot be the go-to choice. Palazzo pants keep you comfortable and give room to breathe. 
We all have been praying secretly for these pants to be in fashion. Admit it now!  
 
Be it denim, printed, plain or plaid, it will suit a person of any age or whatever your body 
type. When staying indoors, pair it up with a casual t-shirt, a cardigan, or a crop top and 
enjoy. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
3) Matching Sets 
 
The ’70s matching sets styling trend has made an extravagant comeback this year. These 
sets come in different fabrics, colors, and styles including crop tops and skirts, shorts and 
blouses, sweatsuits, and many more. The matching sets can be a great addition to your 
wardrobe and come in very useful when you have online work meetings. They look stylish, 
sophisticated yet comfortable. It totally depends upon your preference if you want to go for 
solids, printed, or both. Put your hair in a sleek hairstyle that suits your face and you’re 
good to go for that work call.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
4) Scarf Tops 
 
One of the top trends of the ’90s and early 2000s, the scarf tops has also made a comeback 
and no doubt it will be ruling your Insta feeds this summer. Including Beyonce and Bella 
Hadid, many celebrities having been spotted sporting a scarf top. Almost everyone has 
invested in a square scarf as it is a staple in every closet. It is the most budget-friendly outfit 
that makes you stand out from the crowd. This summer when you’re visiting the beach, 
don’t forget to wear the scarf top! You can pair it with denim shorts or a pair of fitted pants. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
5) Oversized Clothing 
 
We no longer live in the times when oversized clothing is considered unfashionable. Rather, 
oversized t-shirts, sweatshirts, hoodies, jackets are very much in fashion these days, a lot of 
celebrities including Kim Kardashian, Rihanna, Hailey Beiber have been seen wearing it. 
 
It will keep you comfortable in the scorching summer heat by giving you a casual, laid-back 
yet chic look. You can pair it with pants of your choice or skip the bottoms. Style oversized 
garments with minimal accessories, a belt, sneakers, and sport a no-makeup look. You can 
wear it on your chore days, grocery runs, or a socially distant stroll in a park.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
6) Work Pants 
 
It has been a while since your work pants have seen the light of day. This whole past year 
when you’ve been working from home in your pajamas, you must have missed sporting that 
formal look that makes you feel like a boss lady. You need not worry because thankfully, we 
live in the times when fashion has no boundaries. We can sport a casual look at work and a 
formal one at… anywhere!  
 
Pull out those favorite work pants and style them up this summer. Wear it with a casual t-
shirt, a tank top, crop top, or a spaghetti-strapped blouse. Put on sneakers if opting for a 
casual look or pair it with matching heels for a date night. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
7) Graphic Tees 
 
A t-shirt is said to be the most expressive garment of all. It has evolved tremendously over 
the years, from being an undershirt to becoming one of the most fashionable clothing items. 
Coming on to graphic tees, it was first introduced in the 1960s but took the world by storm 
in the 70s and since then the trend is going strong. 
 
Youngsters to adults, everyone has graphic tees or a gameday shirt in their wardrobe and 
this summer as well you can wear your favorite graphic tee to make a statement. Pair it with 
shorts or a skirt or wear it oversized. You can never go wrong with the styling of a graphic t-
shirt. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Bottom Line 
 
All the trends and styling mentioned above are pretty easy to achieve and won’t have you 
going on a shopping spree and breaking your bank account to get a particular look. These 
items are pretty common, just explore your wardrobe and pair up some garments and 
accessories to achieve the required look and rock the summer like a queen. 
How to Slay in Leather Jackets this Spring 2023 
Spring is here, and we are ready to come out of hibernation. It is time to ditch the bulky 
sweaters and coats and bring out the dresses and skirts. One garment people often question 
wearing in the springtime is a leather jacket. Who said leather jackets are only meant for the 
fall and winter seasons? Leather jackets can be worn all year, so make sure not to stack 
them away after the last snowfall.  
However, you must be mindful of a couple of things before wearing leather jackets in the 
warmer months. First, opt for a lightweight leather jacket with a thin lining so it is airy and 
breathable. Second, avoid darker tones as they intensify high temperatures. Play with 
lighter tones instead.  
The following is a list of our top 4 picks for springtime. Let us get started.  
1.  Powder Pink Moto Leather Jacket 
Spring fashion is all about colors, so this powder pink moto leather jacket makes the perfect 
pick. Unlike the regular black and brown variants, this leather jacket comes as a breath of 
fresh air. Its stunning color exudes a chic and girly aura that will make you feel instantly 
prettier. Moreover, it is just one of those colors that stands out in the crowd. We have all 
seen neutral-toned leather jackets. It is time we tried out something different like this pastel 
powder pink number.  
Aside from the color, the cut and finish of a moto leather jacket are unparalleled. With its 
sleek and simple design and body-hugging silhouette, this jacket flatters all shapes and 
sizes. Its clean design allows the jacket's unique color to take center stage, the perfect pick 
for minimalists. If, however, you wish to opt for something fancier, by all means, opt for a 
moto jacket with details like embroidery and embellishments; they make the jacket look all 
the more special. For the spring season, make sure to opt for a light lining material so that 
your jacket is breathable and airy.  
Image Credit: Pinterest  
When it comes to styling, powder pink may seem like a tricky color to work with, but with 
the right color palette, it works beautifully every time. Pair your powder pink beauty with a 
plain white pleated dress, a flirty skirt, and a tank top, or sport it over a pair of everyday 
jeans and a tee. Easy, breezy, and beautiful, just like spring.  
2.  Lilac Leather Biker Jacket 
Spring is all about pretty pastels, and this lilac leather biker jacket is the hot new must-have 
for the season. Lilac is such a gorgeous color. It radiates a serene aura and looks supremely 
elegant and sophisticated. Leather jackets have always been known for their rogue and 
badass outlook. Therefore, a lilac-colored leather jacket never seemed like a doable idea 
until now. This perfect amalgamation of two contrasting auras is what we like to call 
harmonious perfection.  
Leather biker jackets are super edgy and bold, which is what makes this particular pick 
even more stunning to behold and adorn. The wide lapelled collar, the asymmetric zipper, 
and the slim-fit cut of a biker jacket are one that instantly adds an element of boldness to 
your ensemble. This lilac-hued number is perfect for you if you are looking to channel all the 
badass vibes while maintaining that chic, elegant, and feminine outlook. If you are looking to 
go the extra mile, opt for a studded leather jacket in the same color or try your luck with a 
leather vest as opposed to the conventional leather jacket.  
Image Credit: Pinterest  
Like the powder pink leather jacket, this lilac leather jacket also performs best when given 
the spotlight. It is an absolute beauty; surely, you must let it shine. Style your lilac leather 
jacket with a monochrome lilac or lavender ensemble (all the purple vibes!), or pair it with 
understated neutrals like a pair of beige pants and a white button-down shirt or a flirty 
printed chiffon sundress.  
If you are not a fan of color, lilac is the one color that will convert you; trust us. If you are 
searching for a spring season pick, this one is it.  
Also Read: How to Style a Leather Jacket in Different Ways 
3.  Applique Patchwork Leather Jacket 
The classic leather jackets are tried and tested, universal favorites. And rightly so; they are 
effortless, versatile, and timeless. However, sometimes, the heart craves for something 
different, something new. If you are on the search for something out-of-the-norm, an 
applique patchwork jacket is the one for you.  
Featuring a unique assortment of leather patches and other accessory details, an intricately 
crafted masterpiece is nothing short of art. What makes applique jackets even more special 
is that every piece is unique in its own way; the design always varies. Moreover, there are so 
many options to play with. Leather patches of different colors and textures, embellishments, 
and embroidery; you can create your own custom piece by making some tweaks.  
If you are a minimalist, play it safe with a monotone or dual-tone applique leather jacket. 
Monotone jackets feature leather patches of the same color but often varying textures to 
make them more interesting and attractive. Dual-toned jackets feature one more color to 
create a good contrast of color and texture.  
If you are on the search for a true statement piece, the sky is truly the limit. Graffiti-inspired 
patchwork leather jackets are all the rage right now. Featuring an array of leather patches 
intertwined with embellishments and accents that make the jacket all the more special, a 
jacket such as this one is a head-turner and the ultimate crowd-pleaser. Go as bright and 
bold as your heart desires; art is not a thing to be restricted.  
Coming to the cut, since the jacket canvas has so much going on, it is best to stick to 
understated cuts to balance everything out. A collarless straight-cut jacket or a sleek moto 
leather jacket cut works best in this situation.  
4.  Asymmetrical Collarless Jacket 
When it comes to leather jackets, we have seen them all. From the classic biker and bomber 
cuts to the sleek moto and shirt-cut fits, leather jackets are loved by one and all. Much like 
other trends, leather jackets too have been subject to innovation, and we are glad to have 
come up with some refreshingly unique designs such as this asymmetrical collarless jacket.  
Collarless jackets are the true embodiment of minimalism. They are clean, simple, and 
statement. Asymmetrical jackets are quirky. Combine the two, and you have something 
stunning. Asymmetrical collarless jackets are the perfect pick for you if you are on the hunt 
for something minimal but not basic. Unique, easygoing, and effortless; it ticks all the boxes.  
Style your asymmetrical collarless jacket with anything from a dress to jeans to everything 
in between. This is perhaps the easiest one to style of the lot. When it comes to colors, stick 
to the spring color palette. Play with muted tones like understated neutrals (white, camel, 
brown) or vibrant colors, including both bright and muted tones like the yellows, millennial 
pinks, and greens.  
Parting thoughts 
Leather jackets are perfect for all-year-round wear. They are light, breathable, and easy. 
Moreover, they are super versatile; how could you say no to them? This spring season, try 
your luck with our top four picks and turn heads wherever you go. 
Fashion Essentials for Destination Wedding 2023 
Destination weddings are extremely special, as you get to spend your wedding day in a 
beautiful location surrounded by the people you love. Aside from the day itself, you will 
want to look your best in the days before and days after the wedding. So, we have put 
together must-have fashion essentials to help you look amazing and feel even better during 
your time away! From simple brown heeled sandals and beautiful swimwear to statement 
sunglasses and necklaces, these beautiful pieces will make sure you turn heads for all the 
right reasons. 
 
1) Brown Heeled Sandals 
 
When you are packing for your destination wedding, it is best to pack diverse items that you 
can wear over and over to save space. Believe us, you can’t go wrong with the brown heeled 
sandals!  This shoe is perfect as it is very neutral, so will accompany any evening outfit 
beautifully. Also, it is nice and cool so if you were heading for a fancy lunch or dress fitting 
appointment and wanted to feel your best, you can!  
 
Invest in a good pair of brown sandals, as you will find yourself wearing them year after 
year. Plus, knowing they were bought for your wedding vacation will bring back happy 
memories every time you wear them. Just one quick tip, make sure the heel isn’t too high as 
you don't want your feet to ache on your big day!  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
2) Beautiful Swimwear 
 
If your destination wedding is near the beach or has access to the pool, beautiful swimwear 
is a must. This is the perfect opportunity to go all out with your swimwear and make a 
statement. In the days running up to the wedding, make sure you have a strapless bikini or 
costume to avoid unwanted tan marks! Once you have had your wedding day, you can go 
wild with all sorts of crazy designs if that’s your thing.  
 
Go for something blingy like a jewel bikini, or keep things more simple with a subtle black 
swimsuit. Don’t forget to take a beach coverup like a fancy sarong or comfy beach pants, and 
of course a glam beach bag! Make the most of your stunning destination and soak up the sun 
in your beautiful swimwear.  
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
3) Lightweight Evening Jacket 
 
Depending on your location, the temperature could dip in the evenings, so packing a 
lightweight evening jacket is a must. Something like a lightweight cardigan or denim jacket 
would work well and will go with most outfit choices, especially gorgeous cocktail dresses!  
 
You don’t want your precious time away with your loved ones to be cut short because it’s 
too cold, so be prepared and you will have nothing to worry about. Roll up your jacket 
tightly at the bottom of your bag and it won’t be any bother.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
4) Statement Sunglasses 
 
You’re likely to be taking lots of pictures when you are away, so if you don’t want to risk 
squinting too much on your special photos, make sure to take some statement sunglasses 
with you. You will look effortlessly stylish and you will have a great new accessory in your 
lovely photos!  
 
Everyone suits different sunglasses, however, a firm favorite for many people are oversized 
frames. This is a great way to make a statement without any crazy colors or patterns. Just 
make sure you occasionally take them off to prevent unwanted tan lines, especially before 
the wedding.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
5) Statement Necklace 
 
You want to look as glam as possible during your special trip, and one way to add glamour 
to any outfit is with a statement necklace. Pick a more simple outfit and pair it with a 
statement necklace to take it to another level. A white dress with a bright, colorful necklace 
works amazingly, especially when paired with a more simple bag and shoes. Whilst they 
aren’t necessarily for everyday wear, you will look and feel amazing as soon as you put it on.  
 
Statement necklaces have been in style for years, and it looks like that isn’t going to change 
anytime soon, so invest in a few different pieces so you always have different options. 
Experiment with a range of colors and textures to find your own unique style. Any vacation 
outfit isn’t complete with a few accessories, yet a statement necklace will make you stand 
out from the crowd for all the right reasons! 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Also Read: How to Plan Destination Wedding on Budget 
 
6) Raffia Handbag 
 
The most on-trend vacation accessory you can find is a raffia handbag. These gorgeous, 
neutral bags look beautiful but they are also more sustainable than other bags thanks to 
their natural material. Just try to avoid ones with plastic linings and you’ll be good to go! 
Best of all, they go with everything so you will save plenty of packing space for more 
important things. The subtle color of the bag works especially well with beautiful bright 
outfits! 
 
You can get miniature sizes if you only need to take a few bits on the go, or larger over-the-
shoulder bags which are perfect for the evening as you can easily carry your lightweight 
jacket. Whether you decide to get a designer raffia bag or a highstreet version, there are 
plenty of options on the market, so you will find something perfect for you.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Final Thoughts 
 
Of course, your wedding day is the focus of the trip, however, putting some thought into 
your fashion essentials for before and after the big day will help to make the entire 
experience all the more special. You want to look and feel better than ever and with these 
bits and pieces, you will have all the confidence in the world to be yourself and enjoy the 
time away! Plus, these items are timeless, so you can continue to enjoy them after the 
wedding.  
Bralette vs Sports Bra - How to Choose in 2023 
Every type of bra or lingerie piece has a purpose for which it is meant to be worn. You don't 
have to follow the rule that one type of bra goes with everything. Explore the lingerie world 
and you will find that the variety is meant to benefit you. There has been an evolution of 
bras since they were first made. Now you can get a bra for each type of need that you have. 
From activewear to casual wear, you have something to choose from.  
 
Sports bras and bralettes are the two members of the vast lingerie world that need to be 
given the attention they deserve. This post will help you know all about sports bras and 
bralettes, and how they are different and similar to one another in their usage and support. 
 
What is a Bralette and its Uses? 
 A bralette is a more relaxed and casual version of a bra. It provides coverage and comes 
with removable pads. The designs and patterns are numerous when it comes to bralettes. 
They look sassy and elegant even if they are worn all alone. They are fashionable and trendy 
in terms of their neckline and strappy details. 
 
Bralettes can also be understood as a mix between a crop top and a sports bra. You can 
ditch your regular bra and wear a bralette that is a much comfier option, non-constricting 
and provides necessary coverage for your breasts. They are also mostly made of 
comfortable and breathable material so they can become your go-to option for everyday 
casual wear.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
When it comes to the usability of a bralette, there are many. They can be worn underneath 
your clothing as well as just as it is as a sexy crop top. They are great for layering 
underneath a jacket or a blazer which will give you a confident boss lady feels. Those who 
want little support can go for the padded bralettes and flaunt their curves. Bralettes are 
available for all sizes of women and no matter what size you are there's a bralette for you. 
 
Also Read - How to Style a Bralette  
 
What is a Sports Bra and its Uses?  
 A sports bra we all know is meant to be worn while doing sports activities like fuming, 
playing a sport, running, or even yoga. Breasts are sensitive and need to be protected while 
doing physical exercises or workouts. Sports bras are necessary to wear during all these 
physical activities because they hold your breasts in place which prevents injury and 
soreness that may result from the up and down motion in the breasts.  
 
Based on the type of workout sports bras comes in three variants that provide different 
supports.  
 
•  Low-Impact Sports Bras: For workouts like yoga or meditation you don't need much 
support as there is little to no movement in the breasts and low-impact sports bras are ideal 
for this. 
•  Medium-Impact Sports Bras: These provide support to the breasts to restrict excessive 
movement that could result in injury. These come with removable pads and are ideal for 
workouts like running. 
•  High Impact Sports Bras: They provide coverage and encapsulation of the breasts to 
restrict movement during physically strenuous exercises and are ideal for maximum 
support.  
 
Sports bras are not a boring category of lingerie to explore. There are many different types 
of sports bras out there that provide the support that you need and they are also cute. Apart 
from the regular black and grey colors, there are many more to seek.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Also Read - Benefits of Wearing the Right Sports Bra 
 
Difference between Sports Bra and Bralette 
 
The differences between bralette and sports bra cannot be ignored. Below are listed some 
of them to help you understand them better: 
 
•  A sports bra is heavily padded which is necessary to fulfill its function of supporting the 
breasts and holding them in place. A bralette comes with no or removable padding and you 
choose however you want to wear it. 
 
•  Sports bras are worn while working out and can be worn underneath your workout wear 
or on their own. While bralettes with their beautiful designs and patterns are meant to be 
seen when you wear them. 
 
•  Sports bras that are heavy-duty ones are made for vigorous activities while for activities 
like yoga you can opt for a bralette instead of a sports bra as this activity doesn't cause 
much movement in the breasts. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Similarities Between a Sports Bra and a Bralette 
 Despite the differences between a sports bra and a bralette, they both have a similarity that 
they are stylish to wear. They elevate your boring regular outfit. A sports bra looks so sassy 
while providing support during a workout. With the zipper in front and racerback in the 
back, it makes you look and feel confident in yourself. 
 A bralette on the other hand does the same for your everyday outfit giving you options to 
style it differently each time you wear it. Wear a bralette as a crop top or style it underneath 
a sheer top, the choice is up to you. But the bralette will always end up making you look 
sexy and feel comfortable.  
 
Image Credit: Nia Sharma (Instagram) 
 
Summing Up   
 
Both the sports and the bralette are ideal to wear in summer. Sports bras are made up of 
breathable material and absorb perspiration. Bralettes also provide comfort and 
breathability. There you know all the things you need to know about a sports bra and a 
bralette. Choose for yourself between the two keeping all the aspects in mind and according 
to your need and comfort. Both have their place in the lingerie world that has something to 
offer for everyone. 
 
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)  
 
1) Can you wear bralettes as bras? 
 
Yes, you can experiment with wearing bralettes as regular bras. They come in several 
designs & patterns with a beautiful neckline and help you look sassy. If you are concerned 
about the nip slip, we recommend you consider using stick-ons.  
 
2) Does wearing a bralette cause sagging? 
 
The short answer is No. There is no scientific evidence available that can support the 
statement that wearing a bralette can cause the sagging of boobs. Therefore, you don't need 
to worry about the sagging of your boobs when wearing a bralette for any time duration.   
 
3) Can I wear bralette for exercise? 
 
It's not advisable to wear a bralette for exercise or high-impact workouts. Since bralettes 
are not designed to reduce the movement of breasts during high-impact workouts. Instead, 
it is recommended to choose the right sports bra depending on how much support you 
need.  
 
4) Is it okay to wear a sports bra in public?  
 
Yes, it is completely fine to wear a sports bra in public. Many girls these days wear sports 
bra outside of the gym when going out for a walk in the morning or a taking a stroll in the 
evening. You may also find many girls wearing a sports bra while travelling in a metro train. 
As long as you are comfortable wearing a sports bra, you can wear it anywhere.  
 
5) Do bralettes cause sagging? 
 
Sagging of breasts is a natural process that can't be averted. However, if you wear the right 
supportive bra, you can reduce the chances of breasts sagging at an early age. Wearing a 
bralette does not cause sagging at all, it is a myth that needs to be busted right away. 
 
How to Pick the Right Sports Bra (Glamrs by Purplle) 
Why Saree Shapewear is Popular + Benefits 
Sarees are such an integral part of our culture, and while we can test and rock clothing from 
cultures all around the world, the grace and beauty that emanate from the simplest of 
sarees are unmatched. Sarees have a way of really grounding you while giving you the 
upliftment and confidence you need to flaunt your culture's most deep-rooted clothing 
style. However, for the modern woman who struggles to fully own her body shape, it can 
become difficult to completely embrace and show it off with style. 
 
Shapewear for saree effectively and quickly solves this problem for you. This type of 
shapewear targets your abdomen, thighs, and back and compresses them. Shapewear for 
saree has gained a lot of popularity among women as inner wear for many different reasons. 
Enlisted below are some benefits of saree shapewear and also there is a VIDEO below on 
"how to style saree shapewear". Don't forget to watch it.  
 
5 Benefits of Wearing a Saree Shapewear Over a Traditional Petticoat in 2022 
 
1) No Drawstring Chafing 
 
Many people avoid wearing sarees because handling all the drapes of a saree along with the 
flowy petticoats with a tight drawstring isn't comfortable. The string isn't adjustable once 
it's tied and that can cause chafing on your waistline, but this is not an issue with shapewear 
for saree. Shapewear comes with an elastic band that sits just right and holds your saree 
perfectly. 
 
2) Better Comfort Than Traditional Petticoats 
 
Traditional petticoats are often made of materials like cotton and are flowy with a lot of 
fabric. This isn't the most comfortable situation when wearing a saree, as the petticoat can 
restrict movement. Shapewear for saree sticks to your body comfortably, giving you more 
room to move. It's made of spandex material which is equipped with moisture-wicking 
technology to keep you dry and super comfortable. The best part of saree shapewear is that 
you can wear it every day for around 10-12 hours with no hassle.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
3) More Breathable 
 
Heat can be a significant concern when wearing sarees as the multiple layers of saree with 
the petticoat can get too bulky. However, saree shapewear is greatly helpful when it comes 
to breathability. It's made of smooth, comfortable fabric that molds itself according to your 
body and allows your skin to breathe. 
 
4) Versatile 
 
While saree shapewear is absolutely perfect for sarees, that's not all you can use it with. 
Shapewear for saree is also really good when worn underneath other long clothing items 
like lehenga, gowns, maxi dresses, and more. They work their magic the same way with 
these dresses. 
 
5) Compliments Your Figure and Make You Look Slim 
 
This is one of the main purposes of saree shapewear and the reasons why it's so popular. 
Traditional petticoats can give your saree an unflattering shape, but shapewear for saree 
only enhances your figure and helps you look slim. It compresses your curves ever so 
slightly to smooth out the area and properly bring out your natural shape. This gives you 
the perfect silhouette you can flaunt your saree in.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
If you are a saree lover or would like to start wearing them, shapewear for saree is an 
absolute game-changer. Shop till your heart's content for the best saree shapewear out 
there from Zivame. You'll find everything you need in the extensive range consisting of the 
most vibrant colors at affordable rates. Your saree style will be forever changed with this 
fantastic saree shapewear, so get on board already! 
 
Watch VIDEO on "How To Style Saree Shapewear" by Perkymegs  
 
 
Frequently Asked Question (FAQs)  
 
1) How do I choose the right size of saree shapewear?  
 
Selecting the right size of saree shapewear is as easy as 1,2,3. You just need to know the 
exact size of your waist and hips. For instance, if your waist size is 31-33 and your hip size is 
26-29, you should go for the medium (M) size. If your waist size is 33-36 and your hip size is 
29-32, then the large (L) size of saree shapewear is the best fit for you. However, if your 
waist size is 36-39 and your hip size is 32-35, then you should consider the XL size.  
 
2) Is saree shapewear comfortable? 
 
Yes, saree shapewear is more comfortable than petticoats. Unlike traditional petticoats that 
restrict movement, shapewear provides you more room to walk comfortably. 
Fashion Forecast- Trendiest Prints of 2023 
Binging Netflix for 8 hours straight, baking, cleaning, online meetings, online classes, rather 
I should say sleeping in online classes. These were the major 2021-2022 trends. Another 
thing that was in rave was being in pajamas all the time. But it’s finally 2023 and we have 
high hopes for 2023 to be a good year. 
Talking about the new year, we are definitely going to go out a little more and for sure going 
to step out of our pajamas and get back to our fashion A-game. This year for the spring 2023 
show, designers have focused a lot on prints. So, here we have a list of some printed fashion 
trends for the year. 
 
#1 Floral Blur 
 We’ve heard about floral prints, ‘floral blur’ is something new for us. So, what is a floral 
blur? Floral blur prints are inspired by pictures of flowers and not flowers itself. The 
pictures are deliberately blurred using soft focus lenses or filters. This provides a unique 
edge to the classic floral prints fabric. This pattern is portrayed by using digital print and 
even embroidery.  
 
Image Credit: fabcurate 
 
#2 Tie and Dye 
 Tie-dye is suddenly all over YouTube, Instagram, SnapChat, and Facebook feeds, and it 
could because it's such an accessible trend. It is so easy, just some rubber band and/or 
strings are tied in some portions of cotton or muslin fabric and then put on the stove for 
dyeing. This print can be achieved easily on any fabric be it cotton, linen even organza 
fabric. Tie and dye look super cool on everything- clothes and accessories, because a splash 
of colors always lighten up the mood.  
 
Image Credit: fabcurate 
 
#3 Paradise 
 Designers have been seeking inspiration from nature since forever. And plant-related stuff 
always tops the list. Therefore, even in 2023, designers have continued their obsession for 
plants by taking huge leaves as their inspiration. Humongous leaves are printed creatively 
in the tints and tones of green or pink. Thought styling this trend can be tough, so here’s a 
tip. Wear solid colors to accentuate the overall look.   
 
Image Credit: fabcurate 
 
#4 Abstract 
 Fashion now a day is all about experimenting and having fun. And these abstract prints are 
the perfect exemplar for this. Abstract lets designers use their imagination to their full 
potential and give freedom to promote their creativity to the fullest. No specific motif, or 
object, or impressions are used to create abstract prints. Just amalgamation of different 
shapes, colors, and gestures are used to achieve something artistic. 
 
Image Credit: fabcurate 
 
#5 Checks Pattern  
 
Checks pattern when simplified is nothing but horizontal and vertical stripes intersecting to 
form a square-like pattern. Inspiration for checks pattern have been the board game of 
chess. Checks pattern/print used to hold a very low status, until Burberry introduced a 
checkered collection. It changed the people’s perspective towards checkered pattern. This 
year too, this pattern is going to be one of the top trending prints which we are going to see 
on the streets but with bright and contrasting hues. Checks on checks will be on rage in 
2023.  
Image Credit: fabcurate 
 
#6 Surreal Paisley  
 
Paisley is an ornamental textile pattern using the boteh or buta, a tear-like pattern with a 
curved top end. This year stylized versions of paisley are used to give the user vintage yet 
modern vibes. Earthy tones are tremendously used in this collection. In India, paisley holds 
an honorable place as paisley motifs are used since ages. And now, a fresh breeze of 
creativity is flowing in 2023 which will change people’s perspective towards paisley patter. 
 
Image Credit: fabcurate 
 
#6 Twisted Geometry 
 Geometry is understandable, but understanding twisted geometry twists our mind, quite 
literally. Twisted geometric fashion is a step ahead of basic geometric fashion. It consists of 
shapes but in an unusual and in abstract manner creating an illusion for the viewer. Bright 
colors such as pink, blue, yellow, and green are the star of this collection. This print is going 
to be the most talked about because of its exceptional concept. Every fashion enthusiast is 
going to wear this print at least once this year and style it in the most unexceptional way.  
Image Credit: fabcurate 
 
Now that you know, what trends are going to bombard in 2023, it’s time for you to kill with 
your deadly looks (not literally). And to save you guys from the vigorous long hours of 
market hunt, Fabcurate has every print that has been or is going to be in trend. It is your 
one-stop solution for fabrics. It’s like bread and butter. And, and, and you can avail extra 
10% discount by using the code - TASHIARAXFABCURATE10.  
Cocktail Attire for Women 2023 - Dos & Don'ts 
Ladies, it's time to dial up the glam and step into the captivating world where fashion meets 
celebration – welcome to the world of cocktail attire for women. It's not just about the 
clinking glasses and effervescent laughter; it's about making a statement, embodying 
sophistication, and owning the spotlight.  
 
In a world where nights out become unforgettable memories, your choice of cocktail attire 
is your ticket to the magic. The glow of city lights, the hum of music, and the air abuzz with 
anticipation set the stage for an ensemble that stands out, turns heads, and speaks volumes. 
In this blog post, we're your fashion compass navigating the maze of cocktail attire.  So, 
whether you're a trendsetter or a classic connoisseur, get ready to make heads turn, hearts 
skip a beat, and your style becomes the life of the party.   
 Do’s and Don’ts of a Cocktail Attire for 2023 
 
1) Don’t Reveal too Much 
 
Keep in mind that cocktail attire must not be too revealing. Looking sexy is everyone’s top 
priority but refrain from wearing anything inappropriate because it is a strict no-no for 
cocktail attire 2023. Instead of mini cocktail dresses, try out the fitted midi cocktail dresses. 
Avoid plunging necklines; choose scoop, V-shaped, off-shoulder, or straight across necklines 
that are flattering, sexy, and yet appropriate for all types of events. Here are some ideas for 
sexy cocktail dresses that you must check out. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest (summer cocktail attire) 
 2) Don’t Go for Casual Fabrics 
 
Casual fabrics like denim, spandex, or jersey aren’t ideal for the cocktail dress 2023 code. 
Your cocktail outfit must look elegant and refined. Fabrics such as crepe, chiffon, satin, or 
lace are much better. Not only they are comfortable, but these are high-end fabrics that act 
out perfectly for any dress style.  
 
Image credit: couturecandy (business cocktail attire 2023) 
 3) Do Wear Heels and Avoid Wearing Sneakers  
 
Your footwear is a crucial part of the entire attire. It completes your look perfectly. With 
cocktail dresses, only heels can go ideally. Whether you are comfortable with high-pointed 
heels or mid-wedge heels, it’s up to you and your dress but avoid flip-flops, sneakers, or 
anything flat because they don’t go well with the dress and are more of a mismatch. 
Remember that your aim is to look not too casual and not too formal but a flawless 
combination of both.  
 
Image credit: Pinterest (cocktail party attire 2023) 
 
4) Do Carry a Clutch and Avoid an Oversized Bag  
 
It is true that the purse of a woman has pretty much everything required for her to go 
through the night without any mishaps. Form makeup to safety pins, band-aids to cash- we 
carry everything in our sling bags but if you’re going to dress up according to the cocktail 
dress 2023 code, the oversized purse or sling bag has to be avoided as it does not look as 
classy as the overall attire. Instead, carry clutches. They are elegant just like the designer 
short or long cocktail dresses that you’re going to put on for the party.  
 
Image credit: Pinterest (women's cocktail attire 2023) 
 
5) Avoid Floor-Kissing Ballgowns  
 
Don't make a style blunder by choosing a floor-length ballgown, instead, save it for 
Weddings, Prom Nights, Gala, Red Carpet, and Black Tie Events. For a Cocktail Event 2023, 
you should consider a dress having a mini or midi length but be cautious of hemlines.  
 
Image credit: Pinterest (cocktail fashion 2023) 
 
6) Don’t Go Over the Top With the Skirt  
 
By that we mean not to wear poofy skirts with a big train as it is more on the fancy and 
gorgeous side. You are free to try out trendy cocktail gowns with a brush train or tea-length 
dresses that will make you look charming and graceful. Ideally, it is said that cocktail attires 
must be above the knee-length but a little improvisation is going to bring about a unique 
factor.  
 
Image credit: Pinterest (cocktail attire women 2023) 
 
7) Do Accessorize in a Sophisticated Way 
 
Without proper accessories, wearing your dream dress will only be half the job done. That’s 
why it is important to put on the right fashion accessories that complement your dress and 
complete your attire. However, for 2023 cocktail attire, you have to keep it simple yet 
noticeable. For instance, there’s no need to go multicolor but a contrasting effect looks 
rather classy.  
 
Image credit: Pinterest (cocktail dress trends 2023) 
 
Cocktail attire is not just about fashion; it's about confidence, elegance, and celebrating the 
moments that truly matter. As you step into the world of clinking glasses and vibrant 
conversations, let your outfit be the conversation starter, the memory maker, and the 
embodiment of your unique style. 
 
Bonus Video - Cocktail Dress Code 2023 by Jamila Musayeva  
 
 
Happy Styling! 
 
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) 
 
1) What should I not wear to a cocktail party? 
 
For a cocktail party, you should avoid wearing a lot of statement accessories, instead wear 1 
elegant accessory that standout. You should not wear hair ties on your wrist, instead wear a 
cute bracelet that complements your outfit. You should also avoid wearing jeans or denim 
shorts, instead, you can go for sleek trousers. Lastly, you also should also not wear a maxi 
dress for a cocktail party. 
 
2) What to wear over a cocktail dress? 
 
If you have to attend a wedding reception, an office party, or a gala and you're wondering 
what to wear over a cocktail dress, we'll recommend you some of the best options. You can 
pair it with a blazer, bomber jacket, fur wraps/faux fur wraps, vests, shrugs, trench coats, 
capes/shawl, bolero jackets, kimonos, etc., and slay any event.  
 
3) What is a cocktail length dress? 
 
The length of a cocktail dress depends upon the person. For a formal event, you can go for a 
length that varies from below the knee to just above the knee. However, for semi-formal 
events, you can choose a short cocktail dress having a length of somewhere around 
midthigh. Complement your outfit with a pair of sexy heels and matching accessories and 
you're ready to rock.  
Bright Hues Will Take Over Streets in 2023: Fashion Talk 
The fashion spectrum around the world usually resonates with the glass-half-full 
philosophy. But when it comes to the spring collection for the New Year, every designer 
turns into a unicorn spewing glitters and rainbows across the ramps.  
 
The spring collections are filled with bright hues and pretty colors that evoke a sense of 
hope and purpose in the lives of the people. Especially after a year as gloomy and restless as 
2021, the designers had a lot of responsibility on their shoulders to sustain the hopes and 
joys of the fashion enthusiasts.  
 
While everyone was left locked in their home, fearing from COVID-19, the world needed to 
see a lot of canary yellow and peachy pinks to get back on track and remain resilient in the 
coming weeks.  
 
Why so bright? You may wonder… 
 
The bright hues behind the spring collection of 2023 are not a result of Crayola-fest 
amongst fashion headquarters. Psychologists from the field of fashion have collectively 
stated that our relationship with colors has evolved at an unprecedented rate.  
 
The era of post-modern subjectivity has helped color and clothing establish a strong 
connection that allows them both to break free of the monotony and limits of everyday life. 
 
Darker colors, generally, elicit a somber mood and emotions that are hard to articulate. But 
on the other hand, bright and light colors evoke positive emotions that are necessary for the 
sustenance of joy and positive energy amongst the masses.   
 
Some colors enhance moods, which is precisely what drives the emotions behind innovative 
ideas of the 2023 collections. Since styling one’s aura is an essential step for the beginning 
of a new phase, the wardrobe and sartorial choices are an easy choice for each individual. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
If you wonder about the new colors for the year 2023, then without much ado, let’s jump 
right into them!  
 
Pastel Yellow 
 
Pastel and pale yellow are the colors of likability, happiness, and being jovial. It is a color 
that mitigates stress in any social situation. The color projects happiness and impacts the 
psyche of the wearer and those wearing it. This is one of the reasons why the dazzling 
spring collections of Jil Sander, Ferragamo, and Peter Do featured some of the prettiest 
pieces in color.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Lovely Lavenders 
 
The next most significant trend was a large number of lavender numbers in the season. 
Purple is the color of royalty, opulence, and regality. The use of purple also carries a 
secretive meaning that points towards the psychological impact of the color.  
 
The entire world has been stuck in limbo after a terrible year of loss and grief. The color 
purple and precisely the shade of lavender have a calming effect on every audience. It is a 
color that reminds one of simpler times and remnants of glory that must be reignited. The 
collections of Baum, Valentino, and Pferdgarten are a testament to the fact! 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Rebellious Red 
 
The spring collection of 2023 featured a couple of cherry red pieces. While the fall of 2021 
was the showcase for monochromatic reds, the spring of 2023 had a romantic blaze to it. 
Legendary design powerhouses like Givenchy and Channel, Fendi, and Hermes chose to 
indulge in the color of confidence, rebellion, and fiery love.  
 
The shade can be paired with pale pink to get a casual look for the streets, or you can 
casually tone it down with the help of a plus-size leather jacket. You can incorporate this 
dress through makeup, accessories, and even complete costumes in the spicy color of 
rebellion.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Trendy Turquoise 
 
Turquoise makes an excellent choice for aesthetic pleasure and ruffled sleeves. It carries 
hippie energy, which flows naturally, connecting everyone to the one omniscient energy of 
the universe.  
 
The color was thoroughly exhibited in the collection of Ulla Johnson, and it also enjoyed a 
spot of fame and glory in the books of Louis Vuitton and Christopher John Rogers. While the 
former was focused on the feelings of nature and healing, the latter reminded the world of 
the new boundaries that need to be established in the name of social distancing. Turquoise 
is an undertone of serenity and soothing energies. It is expected to go big this year for sure! 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Tropical Tangerine 
 
Orange is the color of creativity and independence. It is a surprise addition to the collections 
of Mara Hoffman and Maryam Nassir Zadeh, but it was indeed necessary to set the mood 
straight for the following year.  
 
While most people worry about caution and comfort while trying something new, the exact 
color of tangerine is a test of one’s fearlessness and audacity in the face of uncertainty. It is a 
powerful color that must be embraced for its liveliness and vitality. It is a color that evokes 
a sense of purpose and must be used with reckless abandon to bring everything back to life.  
 
Also Read: How to style palazzo pants  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Generous Greens 
 
Green is the color of rebirth, hope, and fertility. The fresh and vibrant shades of green tend 
to be the epitome of these feelings. The color is often considered as the flagbearer of 
optimism and hope, which is why the 2023 collections endorsed it with such vigor.  
 
From Victoria Beckham to Michael Kors, everyone chose to assign a significant portion of 
their collection to the color and subconscious meanings of growth, expansion, focus, 
ambition, and determination.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Peachy Pinks 
 
Last but not least is pink. It is a typically feminine shade that is arguably outdated and 
traditional in the spring collection. Psychologically the color breaks norms and is a bold 
choice for making a statement. Cecilie Bahnsen and Stella McCartney have used the variant 
shades of pink in a brilliant method to show the world how the power of peachy pinks and 
majestic magenta can be embraced.  
 
Also Read: Stylish Designer Kurtis To Add to Your Wardrobe 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Final Thoughts 
 
The bright hues of 2023 are like a promise of rebirth and vitality. The spring collections 
have reiterated a new sense of hope and joy that has worked well in sparking hope amongst 
the dejected audiences worldwide. Let's hope that these promises are fulfilled, and this 
world restores its health! 
15 Trendy Nail Art Designs for Christmas 2023 
Christmas is not far enough and it is the time for celebration. We know about the current 
situation but some makeover would always make you happy. Have you tried the Christmas 
nail art or nail art that is inspired by this occasion? If not, then what are you doing? People 
are crazy about Christmas-inspired nail art and so it is trending. No, you are not late as 
Christmas has a month to come. It is your time to copy some of the best nail art for this big 
day. Here are some of the: 
 
15 Latest Nail Art Designs for Christmas 2023 
 
1) The Addition of Neon 
 Neon colors would make your nails pop. You can pair it up with either silver or golden color 
to make it Christmas nail art. Part your nail into two equal parts and fill one part with silver 
or golden nail polish. Fill the rest part of the nail with a neon color of your choice. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
2) Multi-colored Glittered Nails 
 If you don’t want to do any nail art but want your nails to be ready for the occasion then 
this is the one for you. Here you have to find a nail polish that has multi-colored glitters or 
you can even DIY it by mixing glitters. Put it on your nails and you are done. 
 
Also Read: What to Dress for New Year's Eve Party 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
3) Strings Christmas Light Nail Art 
 This has to be the best Christmas nail art that you can get in the year 2023. This is so pretty 
and it is inspired by the occasion of Christmas. Here you have to arrange some colorful glass 
beads and a golden string. Now coat your nails with clear glitter nail polish. Attach some 
glass beads to your nails and attach the string as well to complete the look. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
4) Gradient Shades of Green  
 
If you are a newbie in nail art and you cannot get any nail art perfectly then you should start 
with this nail art. You have to select some deep to light shades of green for the nail art. 
Apply each shade on each finger to complete the nail art. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
5) Marble Green Nail Art with a Touch of Gold 
 This has to be the prettiest Christmas nail art to have in 2023 This is again very easy if you 
know about marble nail prints. You can coat your nails with a clear base and then have a 
green marble effect on the top corner of your nails. Finish the look by adding some gold leaf 
on top of the nails. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
6) Green Tone Lines 
 This is again a very beautiful yet elegant Christmas nail art. This would look beautiful on 
long nails. Here you have to get some green-toned nail polishes for this nail art. Apply a 
nude color as your base of the nail and then draw dramatic lines on the nails with a green 
color. Follow the line with another shade of green and you can repeat it with other green 
shades also.  
 
Image Credit: Glamour  
 
7) Sparkled Snowflakes 
 If you are skilled in painting then this nail art is for you. Here you have to coat your nails 
well with white glitter. Double-coat the glitters to make your nail look intense. Now take 
white nail polish and a thin brush to draw a snowflake on your nail. This would turn out to 
be beautiful if done in the correct way. 
 
Image Credit: nailspix 
 
8) Evergreen Gold Christmas Nails 
 If you don’t want to spend in parlors but want to have pretty nails then this is the one for 
you. You can easily get it done at your home. Start with a beige base and then add a forest 
green color on the top corner. To complete the look, you have to swipe a stripe of golden 
nail color. Finish it off with clear gel polish.  
 
Image Credit: YouTube  
 
9) Christmas Cranberry Nail Art 
 This is again one of the easiest nail art designs for Christmas. If you have a cranberry nail 
color and some clear glitter then you are good to go. After setting your nails, you have to 
color them with a gorgeous cranberry color. Top the ring finger and the middle fingernails 
with clear glitter polish to complete the look.  
 
Image Credit: Blogspot 
 
10) Chromatic Green Nail Manicure 
 This is again a very easy nail art that you can achieve just in a few minutes. You have to 
start with shaping your nails and then fill the grown part of the nail with chromatic green 
color. This would reflect in light to make your nails look pretty. Have a coat of clear polish 
over the nails to finish the nail art. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
11) Blue Nails for Christmas 
 This is again a simple nail art where you would be playing with shades of blue. Select some 
of your favorite shades of blue and get it on your nails. Now apply blue glitter on your ring 
finger to make the nail art look the best.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
12) A Confetti Nail Art for Christmas 
 This is not very easy and it would even take your time but it would turn out to be gorgeous. 
Here you have to apply the base coat on your nails and then stick nail stones. Fill your entire 
nail with lots of nail stones and then apply top-coat to secure the nail stones.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
13) Ombre Red Nails 
 Red is the universal color that suits everyone and red color would give you Christmas vibes 
as well. To get this look, you have to apply a base coat on your nail. The main task here is to 
apply two tones of red color on a sponge and then dab that sponge on your nails. Finish the 
look with the top-coat and clean the edges.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
14) Christmas Ornaments Nails 
 This Nail art would give you complete Christmas vibes. Here you have to collect Christmas 
nail ornament stick-on stickers. Now paint the base with nude color and then stick the 
sticker on top of it. Apply clear gel polish for that shine on your nails. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
15) Green Nails with Gold studs 
 
This is an easy nail art that you can achieve in a couple of minutes. Here you have to paint 
your nails with a pretty green color and then put a golden stud on the nail. Always finish 
this nail art by applying some clear gel polish.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
So, are you excited about looking to these styles? Well, you can get even more classy & sassy 
ideas on fashionterest. Make your Christmas a memorable event with our fashion styles. 
 
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)  
 
1) What are the popular colors for nail art designs in 2023? 
 
The colors that are in trend this year for nail art include neutrals and sheers, pastels, tinted 
grays, classic blue, red, dark green, metallic, milky ombré, gradient nails, etc.  
 
2) What color nails do guys like the most on a girl? 
 
Boys or men pay the most attention to a girl who is wearing these color shades on her nails - 
coral, lavender, nude, cream, beige, ruby red, emerald, plum, ballet slipper pink, etc.  
10 Celebrity Inspired Gym Looks in 2023 to Pull Off 
If you are regularly hitting the gym, you are probably sticking to the classic - simple leggings 
and an oversized t-shirt. Well, it's just one combination you could try out - why not spice it 
up a bit and motivate yourself with cool gym outfits inspired by celebrities? 
 
Some celebrities are as creative in picking out gym clothing as any other outfit. You should 
do the same - stay stylish and original even when you're breaking a sweat in the gym. Don't 
think you couldn't pull off the same outfit as Kendall Jenner or Bella Hadid - try it and see 
for yourself how a great gym outfit could make you work out even harder. And let's not 
forget what else celebrities are introducing to the world - they are wearing gym wear as 
daywear.  
 
In other words, crop tops, leggings, trainers, hoodies - they all don't get to shine just at the 
gym or on the way to the gym. Celebrities are now wearing them any time of the day and 
many times they don't have their workout planned. 
 
Comfortable fashion is making its way again in 2023 but this time it doesn't have to exclude 
style and even luxury.  
 
1. Black and tight 
 
Black elegance works for every occasion - jogging included. To copy Bella Hadid jogging 
through the streets of New York, get a black sports bra, black leggings, and a cropped black 
sweatshirt, and then complete this sporty and elegant look with a black baseball cap and 
stunning white sneakers. Fabulous and powerful! 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
2. Show your legs 
 
Sometimes it's fun to switch it a bit - instead of leggings, why not show off your toned legs in 
printed running shorts and sneakers while covering your arms with a simple grey long-
sleeved hoodie? It's comfy and cool at the same time.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
3. Denim jacket forever 
 
Street style scene cannot go wrong without an oversized denim jacket, and that goes for the 
gym outfit as well. Simple leggings and a T-shirt completed with an oversized denim jacket 
and a pair of cat-eye sunglasses are the ultimate cool and stylish gym wear. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
4. Muted colors 
 
Sometimes it's mostly about the color palette you chose for your gym outfit. You can keep it 
cool with minimal cut pieces and muted colors - just combine a plain sports bra and leggings 
and cover your shoulders with an oversized shearling hoodie (in some grayed shade as 
well) to boost the effect. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
5. Back to the 90s 
 
The 90s have their bright moments, and Bella Hadid enjoys reminding us of all of them. 
Just like her, you can go back to the 90s just for a while by wearing colorful track pants that 
look as they have just arrived from the 90s shop window and matching them with chunky 
sneakers. Make sure the top is tight and simple so that you don't look like a bad copy of the 
90s style. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
6. Enjoy the pink 
 
Bright pink is one of the best colors you can opt for when you want to get noticed and feel 
feminine - the same goes for your gym outfit. 
 
You don't have to go overboard with pink but instead, add pink details to your black outfit. 
Your black leggings and jacket can go to a whole new level of cool if you add pink trainers to 
the combination, along with a bright pink T-shirt and a patterned pink beanie. These 
instances of pink are what make this outfit unique. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
7. Layers, layers 
 
Layers look cool if you combine them smartly. Supermodel Gigi Hadid knows how to do it, 
so you can simply copy one of her great gym outfits: 
 
Wear a cropped sweatshirt over the sports bra (of course, the sports bra have to show at 
least a bit), and then add more layers to it - wear a cropped jacket over it and tie a 
sweatshirt around your waist - just for the looks of it, of course. 
 
You can always tie a sweatshirt around your waist as an additional layer when you are 
wearing a leather jacket over a T-shirt, as well. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
8. Cool cycling outfit 
 
Windbreakers are an excellent piece of clothing if you love jogging outside or cycling no 
matter the weather. You need your upper body to be well-protected, especially if it's 
raining. 
 
So try out this stylish option - wear a retro-inspired windbreaker in a bright hue like orange 
or yellow and tone it down with black leggings or cycling shorts. Complete your look by 
choosing from the best women's bikes that look powerful and come in a strong hue - you 
will definitely get noticed while cycling along the streets or the park.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
9. Monochromatic coolness 
 
Black and white never cease to awe, so try it out by combining a black crop top with white-
hot leggings. This monochromatic look is then accented more with a black-and-white 
printed jacket, black sneakers that go great with a black tote. And of course, finish it 
magnificently with black round sunglasses. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
10. Lady-like details 
 
Anne Hathway is great at adding elegance to everything, so she was equally successful at it 
by combining an oversize soft gray sweater and navy blue sunglasses with navy blue 
leggings. You can wear black sneakers with that and add an oversized leather bag to create a 
unique mix of sporty and elegant. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Bottom line 
 
Gym outfit can give you tons of ideas to remain unique and playful when it comes to style at 
all times. Celebrities know how to mix style with fitness, so you better follow their lead and 
pick what suits your gym and street style best. Hope you've found this article on celebrity 
gym looks for 2023 insightful. If so, do let us know.  
 
Also Check Out: Types of Girls at Gym 
 
Author Bio (Guest Author) 
 
Sarah Jessica Smith is an Australian blogger who enjoys a simple life's pleasures - drinking 
her morning coffee surrounded by the smell of roses on her tiny balcony garden. She loves 
to write about eco-friendly lifestyle, health, and travel adventures. Music is her fuel and 
sandy beaches are her Eden on the Earth. 
 
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)  
 
1) Why should you wear a sports bra when working out? 
 
When doing an intense physical exercise, your breasts bounce up and down and if you don't 
wear a sports bra while exercising or running, it may cause stretch and tear of ligaments 
surrounding the breast region resulting in soreness, pain, and sagging. Sports bras are 
designed to reduce the movement of your breast when working out. It is important every 
woman should wear it no matter what size she has.  
 
2) How can I look attractive and cute in gym workout clothes?  
 
If you want to look cute in your gym workout clothes, you must know what to wear with 
your gym leggings, shorts, or pants. In this article, we've shared a lookbook to help you pull 
off celeb-inspired gym looks without going bankrupt.  
What to Wear with Men's Sandals (Style Guide 2023) 
No matter what the occasion, you should choose the right footwear as it can make or break 
an outfit. Men's sandals are the new wardrobe essentials because of their versatility, 
functionality, comfort, and style. They provide the comfort of slippers and the elegance of 
shoes. You can wear them with a wide range of outfits on various occasions. They are made 
of suede, leather, and canvas. You can find sandals for men in fashionable styles and 
attractive colors. 
Origin  
Men's sandals are often called mandals. Although they have been in existence since ancient 
times, they gained popularity during the 19th century. Both men’s and women’s sandals 
used to have a protective sole and a strap. It was not easy earlier to distinguish between 
men’s and women’s sandals.  
With the evolution of fashion, designers started creating a wide range of designs in sandals 
for both men and women. Earlier, sandals were preferred only for holidays and leisurely 
walks. Recently, there has been a new Renaissance of men's sandals. The footwear is now 
preferred for all occasions. In the present day, you can find formal and casual sandals for 
men in various designs.  
Image Credit: Pinterest 
Types of Men's Sandals 
You can broadly categorize sandals for men into two types: formal and casual.  
The formal sandals are ideal for office, formal parties, and business events. Instead of formal 
shoes that can feel uncomfortable at times, you can opt for an elegant pair of formal sandals. 
Especially in the monsoon season, they can be your savior when you are going to work.  
Casual sandals are stylish, sturdy, and airy. If you love spending time outdoors, you must 
have a couple of them in your wardrobe. You can team them with your favorite casual 
outfits to look stylish and feel comfortable.  
When you are going out for a vacation, you can carry a pair of cool casual sandals for 
sightseeing. The comfortable footwear will protect you from painful blisters. Although 
sneakers are great for traveling, you might want breathable footwear, especially when you 
are in a tropical country.  
Image Credit: Pinterest 
As open-toed sandals are available in various styles, you should choose them according to 
your style. If you are a courageous person, you can choose slider or hiking-style sandals for 
a great adventure. Birkenstock sandals are ideal for people who are looking for maximum 
comfort. If you are looking for a pair of designer and high street shoes, you can always go for 
a pair of black leather sandals.  
Style Guide for Men's Sandals 
Men's sandals are in vogue because you can wear them with everything that you own in 
your wardrobe. You must know how to style this comfortable and fashionable footwear 
with the right outfit. A wrong choice of footwear can spoil your entire look. The following 
style guide will help you look stylish and feel comfortable and stay stress-free from the 
hassle of what to wear with men's sandals.  
1) Earlier, the idea of traditional formal wear with sandals never existed. With changing 
fashion trends, men have started prioritizing their comfort along with style. The first rule to 
wear men’s sandals with formal wear is to avoid socks. Opt for a pair of classic black or navy 
blue sandals that do not have any pattern or logo. Team it with dark trousers that match the 
color of your footwear. Wear a white collar shirt and a neutral blazer to make a great style 
statement.  
2) During summer, you can try the combination of graphic T-shirts and chinos with casual 
sandals. Birkenstock sandals in grey, black, or earthy shades will be a great choice when you 
are sporting the street smart casual look.  
3) Men’s leather sandals and jeans are a classic combination. If you are wondering how to 
wear sandals with jeans, we suggest you opt for slim fit light wash jeans with the laid-back 
footwear instead of dark ripped skinny jeans.  
4) Ethnic sandals for men are perfect for ethnic occasions such as festivals and weddings. 
Team a pair of brown ethnic sandals with a yellow Kurta and white pajamas to look dapper.  
Image Credit: Shoprapy 
5) When you are attending an office event, you can wear wide-legged trousers and a striped 
shirt with a pair of strapped leather men's sandals. Although it is not a traditional office 
look, the footwear will make it a smart semi-formal look. Opt for brown or black leather 
when you are choosing your footwear.  
Image Credit: Pinterest 
6) Men's sandals and shorts are a classy, laid-back style. A well-fitted T-shirt with denim 
shorts will look great with sandals in vibrant colors. Instead of black, brown, and navy, opt 
for maroon and orange for a fun look.  
7) You can opt for a pair of crocs casual sandals when you are going for a weekend getaway. 
If you have to explore a new place walking, you must carry comfortable and functional 
footwear that will provide comfort to your feet.  
Image Credit: Pinterest 
Tips For Wearing Men's Sandals  
Now that you know how to style sandals for men, you should know a few essential tips.  
1) Take good care of your feet. Sandals will not look good on you if your feet look unhealthy. 
Soak your feet in a bucket of water, clean your nails, and apply a moisturizer to keep your 
feet healthy.  
2) If you are confused regarding buying the right sandals, opt for black leather ones. They 
will work in both casual and semi-formal occasions.  
3) If you are wearing denim jeans or trousers with sandals, roll them up gently by one fold.  
If you follow the style guide and the tips, you will stay fashion-forward always. The 
fashionable casual and formal men's sandals are the new wardrobe staple. Visit Mochi 
Shoes right away and browse through the exquisite collection of stylish men's sandals for 
every occasion.  
What to Wear with Palazzo Pants in 2023 
The best thing about spring and summer is that you are free to conduct new experiments 
with your clothing and style. Perhaps we should all admit that our summer collection is 
much more comprehensive than our winter one. Who doesn't love those casual summer 
dresses, trendy shorts, spaghetti tops, and pyjamas? While talking about summer clothes, 
we surely cannot leave behind Palazzos. Palazzo or wide-leg pants first became a popular 
style in the 1960s and were primarily admired by women fond of avant-garde fashion.  
 
Palazzos are the primary choice of women of all ages because they can be paired well with 
many types of upper-body garments. In this article, we will educate you on what to wear 
with palazzo pants in 2023. Also, there is a LookBook VIDEO at the bottom of this article on 
how to style palazzo pants with kurtis, tops, and other outfits. You are most welcome to 
contact us for more such styles and other attractive combinations. Let's begin:  
8 Modern Ways To Style Palazzo Pants in 2023  
1) Kurti and Palazzo: The Favorite Smart Casual  
Who said Kurtis are just for salwars, leggings, and churidars? You can combine your ethnic 
Kurti with a palazzo and stand out in a crowd. Palazzos look best with Georgette, and 
Chiffon Kurtis as the garment's flowy nature complements the palazzo's airy style. You can 
wear them at home, go to the market, and even wear them to your college during the 
summer. If you are a working woman, you can add them to your ethnic wardrobe for those 
special occasions! 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
2) Tunic with palazzo: Simple and Stunning 
Tunics fall under regular Indian wear, and there's no specific occasion for wearing them. 
They are comfortable, airy, and look good on everyone. Tunics come in different fabric 
variants and color options, and if you wear a tunic with palazzo, you will surely get a unique 
compliment from your friends! Also, there are different designs and fittings of tunics. You 
can either go for a cinched waist tunic or get one of those classic ones. If you haven't tried a 
jumpsuit yet, we have a brilliant idea for you. You can combine your tunic with a palazzo, 
and your self-made jumpsuit will be ready! 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
3) Spaghetti Tops: True with the Trend 
When spaghetti tops became a trend, no one had imagined that they would become a staple 
part of wardrobes for women of all ages. Spaghetti gives you a more sculpted look, and they 
are your go-to garment during scorching summers. If you are planning a day out with your 
friends or a morning ride in a car, put on your spaghetti top with contrasting wide-leg pants 
or palazzo, to make an unmissable statement. Celebrities are often clicked donning the same 
outfit.  
Image Credit: Pinterest  
4) Shirts/T-shirts: Wear them your way 
Are you tired of wearing shirts as formal wear? Well, you can do more with your shirts by 
pairing them with a contrasting palazzo. You can under-tuck your shirt and complete the 
look with a casual belt. The best thing about wearing a palazzo with a shirt is that you can 
wear this look to any place or occasion. It is not only fashion models who can look good in 
anything they wear. You could also try new looks by experimenting with a graphic tee, a 
plain white tee, or different hues formal shirts to wear with palazzo or wide-leg pants.  
Image Credit: Pinterest  
5) Palazzo with Crop Top for LIT AF Look  
When you are indecisive about what tops to wear with palazzo pants? Simply pair it with 
your crop top and you're ready to go anywhere. Crop tops and palazzos are a match made in 
heaven. When paired together, it brings out the style and elegance.  
Image Credit: Pinterest  
6) Palazzo With Off-Shoulder For FAB Look  
Image Credit: Pinterest  
7) Palazzo with a Halter Top 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
8) Palazzos with a Tube Top 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
Image Credit: Pinterest  
Wrapping Up 
So far, we have discussed six different styles of wearing a tunic with a palazzo, but you can 
do a lot more with this fantastic piece of clothing. Your overall look will also depend on the 
colors you choose and the makeup you wear. Palazzos have been a part of fashion for a long 
time, and they have slowly become a part of many women's wardrobes. Next time when 
you're confused about what to wear with palazzo pants, do refer to this guide! 
Before you leave, watch this amazing VIDEO on "how to style palazzo pants with kurtis in 
Indian Style" presented by Megha from "Perkymegs". 
 
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)  
1) What top looks best with palazzo pants?  
Pondering over what tops to wear with palazzo pants? If so, we suggest you pair your 
palazzo pants with peplum tops, tank tops, off-shoulder tops, lace or crochet tops, short 
tops, long tops, a white t-shirt, and Kurti for an Indian style look.  
2) What are the best shoes to wear with palazzo or wide leg pants? 
We suggest you pair your wide leg or palazzo pants with flat sandals, wedges, flats, 
sneakers, flip-flops or slippers, oxford shoes, stilettos, chunky or block heels, etc.  
3) Are palazzo pants in style for 2023? 
Yes, palazzo pants are still in trend in 2023. Just head over to your Instagram, and you'll find 
many fashion influencers across the world sporting palazzo with crop tops, peplum tops, 
tank tops, plain white tee, off-shoulder tops, cold-shoulder tops, shirts, etc. While young 
girls and women in India are wearing palazzo in Indian style by pairing it with a front sit 
kurta, kurti with a Jacket, shirt kurti, color block kurti, Indo-western kurtis, kaftan kurti, 
flared kurti, A-line Kurti, short kurta, long kurta, asymmetric kurta, and more.  
Guide to Women’s Heels: How to Choose Heel Height 
‘Women can do anything a man can do but women can do it in heels.’  
 
True that! Women can do anything they want and everything at the same time, miraculously 
in high heels as well.  
 
High heels, stilettos have always attracted women and everyone’s attention. It has always 
been around the corner. High heels to be precise have existed since 350 b.c. It has been the 
symbol of power and authority. Uplifting beauty and making a statement is the basic role of 
heels. 
 
You don’t need a reason to wear heels. You can wear it on a regular day if you got your 
hands on the right fit. 80% of women love to wear heels on every occasion. With all the 
actors, celebrities, and queens wearing heels have made heels a priority item one must-have 
in your closet. You too want to join the high heels club but stuck with how to choose the 
right fit? We are here to help you find the best. 
 
Know Your Preferences Before You Buy Heels 
 
A Suitable Height 
 
You are your own Cinderella. Explore the right fit and height if you have not worn heels 
before. If you are wearing it in your office, party, and even consider the roles you play daily. 
If you are a  mother: the epitome of strength considers buying accordingly and choose the 
right sole mate. The higher the heel the more it will your feet sore if you are not used to it. It 
is important to check your preference for the environment you will head towards.  
 
 
The Right Fit 
 
Not wore heels before? Don’t buy online at the first go. Stay calm and explore offline. Walk 
into the store, get your feet measured, and explore all the options. See which shoes you are 
comfortable with.  
 
Avoid loose-fitting heels. Wearing heels, not of your size and fit can cause your muscle 
problems. Use insole if you are wearing a slightly free pair. Make sure your feet can breathe 
or you will hurt your heels and toes and end up soaking it in warm water for relief. Better to 
be sure before than sorry! 
 
 
Take a Walk 
 
An obvious thing. You won’t sit wearing your heels. When buying heels do not hesitate to 
take a walk as much as you want, so you know if it’s comfortable for the long run.  
 
 
The Thumb Fits and Heel Cup 
 
Wearing heels for an hour and getting bruises for the next two days is certainly not your 
plan. A check on the close heels gives a narrow space for your heels and hence it is 
important to check if it lets your toes breathe. 
 
The heel cup allows your shoes to stay in shape. It adds stiffness but also discomforts to 
your heels. Ensure the sole that is soft as the leather and flexible, and worth the money and 
time you are investing. 
 
 
Height and Heels! 
 
The height of the heels plays a vital role in giving you comfort. You can’t find support 
wearing heels, that are clumsy and embarrassing. Give yourself a chance and slip into the 
right height which should be above average. Size of the heels if is your concern? Come dig in 
along with us. 
 
 
The two-inch game. 
 
Feels like flat. But this size should be your choice only if you have never, never wore heels 
and are opting for kitten heels tapered cone heels, stacked heels. It must go with your heavy 
responsibility and surely make you move towards higher heels. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
The three-inch game 
 
This is a classic height suggested by many. Prism heels, wedges, platforms, and pumps are 
available in this height. It will not make your feet sore or uncomfortable. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
The four-inch game 
 
Party? Cocktail party? Business meeting? Brunch? Date night? The answer is four-inch heels. 
Few hours in these are okay if you are not a professional. If you are still considering wearing 
it occasionally. Platforms, wedges, and stilettos are meant to be worn in four-inch for that 
extra height and gaze. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Above four inch 
 
These are worn by professionals. It can be discomforting and leave your feet sore. If you opt 
for wedges, platform, or block heels it might be easier to walk in.  
 
Selecting the Right Height Heels (Guide) 
 
Wedges Heels 
 
A shoe that has no separated heels. It is easier to walk in and give your feet the total 
support. It has a strap to hold your heel tight. It is a great alternative in comparison to those 
pointed heels you are not comfortable with or might not fit the occasion. 
 
Wedges though are a bit showy footwear which looks hunky with denim and skirt if the 
height of the heel is high. Prefer to wear these with maxi skirts, long dresses, and saree. A 
perfect fit for casual wear. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Platform Heels 
 
Shoes, boots, or sandals with a thick sole. These daring and extremely stylish heels add a 
slimming effect to your legs. If you are looking for a mixture of flats comfort and stiletto 
heels, add these. 
 
It is a perfect fit for a cocktail party, office wear, casual. The platform boots are irresistible, 
it effortlessly uplifts your elegance and adds boldness. Wear these with ripped jeans, skirts, 
maxi dresses. It never fails to impress and suits all body types. 
 
High Heel Sandals 
 
Money can’t buy happiness but surely add to your power. High heel is an ultimate remark of 
your personality. It can make you want it but resist looking at the design imagining the 
discomfort you might get after a few hours. The high heels are not that discomforting if you 
are dressing up for a party, or corporate meetings.  
 
Thin girls can wear these with a long skirt, midway skirt, and ankle-length pants. Might not 
work that good for curvy girls. Remember that these high heels are a complete package of 
its own, so don’t wear these with dresses that are already revealing these sandals way too 
much, might be a fashion fail. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Pumps 
 
Comfort and flexibility come in a package called- Pumps. The heels have got the height and 
toe area at the ground creating an illusion of long height.  
 
If you are curvy buy the chunky pumps and in height up to 3 to 4 inches. Slim girls can go for 
basic colors and suiting their height preferences. This is the most preferred heels if can’t 
find anything comfortable with your dream of slipping into high heels. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Kitten Heels 
 
You can easily make out if this is your style or not. Associated with Audrey Hepburn. You 
know it well if not flats then these heels are going with your great height. Symbolizing 
feminine, delicate, and elegance at the same time. These heels are preferred by most of the 
working women. The closed toes and semi backless design will surely catch your attention. 
Wear it with the best dress and you are good to go. Heels height is available and that will 
not be an issue. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Stiletto Heels 
 
Image already created, haven’t you? Stilettos what we imagine as we hear high heels. But 
now you how these are different. Stilettos are the most desired pair of heels by any women 
you will come across, one is reading now see!  
 
Closed-toes pumps with great height is the automatic key to your confidence and beauty. It 
defines your elegance. Mostly owned and preferred by businesswomen, celebs. Business 
meeting, cocktail party, brunch with friends, and family functions you can take this along 
everywhere.  
 
A show stopper and dapper collection uplifting any outfit for each body type if you how to 
carry the heels and your dress along. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Block Heel 
 Chunky and separated heels. Supporting and everyday wear heels on your list. It helps you 
distribute weight and thus you don’t freak out with discomfort even if wearing it for the 
whole day. 
 
Easier to wear suits all dress other than business casual. For all body type. The height in this 
will never be a problem. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Conclusion 
 
There you have it, everything sorted from heels to height and when to wear. Wearing heels 
is an occasion to celebrate and no men can resonate with that eternal happiness it brings 
along. Why wait? Explore the options be the queen the secret is right there in the heels.  
 
Selecting shoes sounds troublesome but being sure of the quality, dimensions, and comfort 
is never that tough. Collect as much as possible because how can you live the high life if you 
do not wear High Heels? 
 
Author Bio (Guest Author)  
 
Akshit Sharma is a Fashion Blogger who is passionate about leather shoes and loves to 
define style with words.  
Raiding Celebrities Wardrobe in 2023 (Steal Style Cues) 
Raiding a celebrity wardrobe is a fun activity as well as known as a sign that someone has 
extraordinary dressing sense and outfits in his/her closet. There are many celebrities who 
have been inspiring fashion lovers with their panache. Let’s have a look at some of the best 
Indian and foreign celebrities, whose wardrobe is worth raiding or stealing in 2023. First, 
we'll start raiding Indian celebrities' wardrobes then will move to Hollywood celebs.  
 
Shahid Kapoor 
 
Shahid Kapoor has not only inspired us with his jaw-dropping hot looks but also with his 
dressing sense. His wardrobe is best to be raided for a wedding season; if you are a groom 
or belongs to the team groom. He has a versatile collection so you can raid whether you are 
planning to slay in a formal pant coat or wants to have cultural look in a trendy sherwani. 
Shahid has too conquered hot daddy look with his exceptional style and model physique.  
 
 
 
View this post on Instagram 
A post shared by Shahid Kapoor (@shahidkapoor) on Nov 13, 2019 at 8:02am PST 
  Sonam Kapoor 
 
Another Indian celebrity whose wardrobe is worth raiding is Sonam Kapoor. She is not only 
admired in India for her fashion, style, and dressing sense but also internationally by 
foreign designers. She is a diva that has set high standards of fashion as she is well aware of 
brands all over the world. You can get lots of ideas not only for outfits but every other 
accessory like jewelry, heels, or whatnot. Even Anushka Sharma has praised her and 
revealed her wish that she would love to raid the wardrobe of Sonam Kapoor. It’s not just 
stopped here; Tommy Hilfiger made comments for the best fashion looks of the diva Sonam 
Kapoor as she used to attend Cannes festival quite frequently.   
 
View this post on Instagram 
   [#sonamkapoor]     
A post shared by Sonam Kapoor Ahuja    (@sonamkapoorfan) on Jun 11, 2018 at 1: 
 
View this post on Instagram 
       [#sonamkapoor #fashion #bollywood]     
A post shared by Sonam Kapoor Ahuja    (@sonamkapoorfan) on Jul 12, 2018 at 10:42pm 
PDT 
 Deepika Padukone 
 
Another name of versatility in Bollywood is Deepika Padukone. She is courageous enough to 
try some highly unique outfits just the same as her husband Ranveer Singh. Deepika slays in 
every look whether it’s a cultural saree, lehnga, or in modern outfits. Well, people who 
wished to raid Deepika’s wardrobe has availed this opportunity when she auctioned her 
gowns for some social charity purpose. So, if you are style conscious and confused then 
raiding Deepika’s wardrobe is the best choice. 
 
 
 
Kangana Ranaut 
 
Next is Kangana Ranaut. Her kurta collection is just fabulous. Kangana’s elegant desi look in 
kurta is oh-so-good. If you are a pure cultural girl who is obsessed with trendy cotton kurtis; 
raiding Kangana's wardrobe is worthy. She has also been seen wearing versatile saris in 
different events like the launch of her movie, airport, worshipping, and wedding events. So, 
any plans to raid her wardrobe?   
 
 
Imran Khan 
 
Imran khan has made us his fan through his cuteness and has inspired the world with his 
dressing sense. Apart from his acting skills, he is known for his trendy outfits and looks at 
different events. However, he never fails to spark his appearance every time. He has been 
admired for wearing extraordinary. It is been recorded that his friends often raid his 
wardrobe when they have to attend a sudden event. So, if you want to have such attention in 
your circle, let’s raid Imran’s wardrobe.  
 
 
 
 
Now have a look at foreign celebrities wardrobe that we would love to be raided 
 
Taylor Swift 
 
Taylor Swift is known to be the queen of pop. She has not proved her singing skills but also 
her fashion sense. Like her melodious voice, her outfits are unique and trendy which gives 
her an overall perfect look. She says her outfits are the base of her confidence. This 
confident lady, with her saccharine voice, stands different in huge crowds. So, yes, her 
wardrobe is a sure thing to be raided. I bet, this raid will beyond your imaginations.  
 
 
 
 
Kendall Jenner’s  
 
Kendall Jenner's outfits are just awesome. She wears very interesting combinations and 
dresses. She has all the attire that a girl wishes for. I believe whatever you imagine; there 
are 90% chances that Kendall’s wardrobe has that item. She has a great sense to carry dress 
whether it is designer or causal flip flop. I would love to join you if you are planning to raid 
her wardrobe.  
 
 
 
 
Ariana Grande 
 
Ariana’s dressing sense is as pretty as her face. She is known as a pink lady. However, there 
is a range of versatile dresses in her closet, and that too worthy to be raided. You can go 
through and different look and you can’t stop yourself from liking her outfits. She also looks 
wonderful in black dress. Her cuteness matches with her choice of dresses and if suggest all 
the pinky nature girls to raid her wardrobe, you will find many things of your interest.  
 
 
 
 
Michelle Obama 
 
Michelle Obama, this lady inspired the world with her eye-catching dressing sense. It is 
supposed that any first lady of the country has not many options to make her look 
extraordinary; as she has to look elegant and not as the colorful teen. However, Michelle 
slays every one with her outfits during the whole tenure of Obama’s presidency. You got me 
right; her wardrobe is among the top ranks to be raided. There must be so much to get 
amused by. 
 
 
 
 
Lady Gaga 
 
Lady Gaga’s dressing sense is a treat to watch. Many fans fall in love with her dressing too 
while watching her songs. She has been nominated by many fans for the favorite celebrities 
wardrobe to be raided. People are curious to see what she has in her wardrobe. So, yes, let’s 
go and raid. 
 
 
 
Author Bio (Guest Author)  
 
This article is written by Sara William. She is a qualified writer who has been writing for 
multiple niches for years. Moreover, she owns redtopic.org   
25+ Small Side Rib Cage Tattoos for Women & Girls 
Cute yet small rib cage tattoos for girls are considered to be the most powerful tattoo out of 
all. There are innumerable concepts depicting, adapting, and exploring. Rib cage tattoos for 
females come in both designs minimalistic as well as simple. 
 
These types of girls' rib tattoos are gaining popularity because it is very powerful and sexy 
too. Anyone choosing to make a tattoo on their ribs first needs to make sure that what kind 
of design suit their rib. There are numerous types of meaningful rib tattoo designs that will 
hold your attention for a while and you can choose any one that is convenient for you.  
 
On the other hand, you need to keep in mind that rib cage tattoos are very painful. You may 
not know but it is true that tattoo is less painful on the fleshy areas. Therefore, the fleshier 
your area is, the less pain you are going to suffer while tattooing.  
 
Moreover, the placement of a side rib cage tattoo is very important because it can affect 
your personality in front of others. Therefore, first, decide where you want to do a cute rib 
tattoo and then you can proceed further with the steps. You might have seen young girls are 
very fond of tattoos because there are some tattoos that signify the purpose of their lives. 
 
25+ Super Sexy Side Rib Cage Tattoos for Females for 2023 
 
As already discussed above that there are numerous meaningful rib tattoo designs for girls. 
Rib tattoos are the most followed trend in the tattoo world. There are both smaller and 
bigger rib tattoo designs and you can choose any. 
 
Therefore, here are some simple, cute, and sexy AF rib cage tattoo ideas for girls and you are 
free to choose one of these tattoos for your ribs:  
 
1) Sun Rib Tattoo Design 
 This cute sun rib tattoo design is very small in size and brings powerful meanings to life. 
This tattoo is very dedicated and regarded as one of the most powerful rib tattoos out of all.  
 
It spreads positive energies to all your dear ones. This rib tattoo is very attractive and 
beautiful and it is very trendy among females, especially of the younger generation. If you 
are searching for a perfect rib tattoo in 2023 then this tattoo is your prime choice. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest (small rib tattoos)  
 
Image credit: Pinterest (tattoos on ribs for females) 
 
Image credit: Pinterest  
 
2) Birdlife Rib Tattoos (Flying Birds) 
 
Birdlife side rib tattoo is another minimalistic design out of all tattoos. A geometric eagle rib 
tattoo is a modern procedure for a tremendously popular classical style design.  
 
The flying bird tattoo design can be both spiritual and religious as it is believed that eagles 
convey messages from the spirits. To create an illusion, the negative space is highlighted 
between the shaded portions. This is known as a birdlife rib tattoo with a graceful design. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest (rib tattoos for women) 
 
Image credit: Pinterest (small rib tattoos female) 
 
Image credit: Pinterest (side tattoos for women) 
 
Image credit: Pinterest  
 
3) Cute Rib Quotes Tattoos for Women 
 Rib cage quote tattoos are another powerful tattoo for women in 2023. It is because there 
are many girls who love to put quotes on their ribs highlighting some important meaning of 
their life in a unique way. You might have seen various quotes rib tattoos designs and you 
can choose anyone according to your convenience.  
 
Image credit: Pinterest  
 
Image credit: Pinterest  
 
Image credit: Pinterest  
 
4) Unique Rib Tattoos 
 The name of this rib tattoo itself suggests that it is a unique rib tattoo. A rib tattoo can take 
any design or shape and is going to enhance your appearance.  
 
Unique rib tattoos are highly attractive. Some of the tattoos depict how hard life is. There is 
war in certain parts of the globe and frontlines are fighting for us to save our life instead of 
their own. Thus, signifying the harsh realities of life.  
 
Moreover, this tattoo shows that a rib tattoo can take any form or shape. I am sure that you 
are going to admire both small and big unique rib tattoo designs. 
 
Image credit: wildtattooart (side rib tattoo female) 
 
Image credit: wildtattooart 
 
Image credit: Pinterest (rib tattoos for women) 
 
Image credit: wildtattooart (rib tattoo ideas for females) 
 
5) Neo-traditional Rib Cage Tattoo Design 
 
Neo-traditional rib tattoo designs are very attractive pieces of design. A pelican tattoo 
highlights self-sacrifice while carrying a spirit guide.  
 
This is an elegant design that is recommended for both men and women. This design can be 
executed with both various crisp details and bold colors. It is a neo-traditional type of 
tattoo. On the other hand, this tattoo is considered the symbolic meaning of fierce, pride, 
and freedom. This tattoo has its own beauty and design. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest  
 
6) Dandelion and Dragon Fly Rib Cage Tattoo  
 
This is another powerful rib tattoo that has unique features of its own. This tattoo is popular 
among girls and it is a colorful rib tattoo.  
 
On the other hand, dandelion and dragonfly rib tattoos have a watercolor effect that makes 
it even more attractive and beautiful. This tattoo highlights a butterfly and a flower, thus, 
highlighting the importance of plants and nature. Moreover, the colors of this tattoo are 
very attractive that will hold your attention for a while. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest  
 
Image credit: Pinterest  
 
7) Sexy Rib Tattoos for Women 
 A sexy rib cage tattoo is another bold and powerful tattoo where you will be able to view a 
watch, skull, and women’s face. This tattoo signifies a lot of things about a tattoo and its 
deep meaning. 
 
It is obvious that not all will love the simple design of a tattoo. Sexy rib tattoo on girls gives 
them a bold look and enhances their personality in front of others. The below tattoos are 
very popular and you must know it.  
 
Image credit: Pinterest (womens side tattoos) 
 
Image credit: tattoo-models 
 
Image credit: tattoo-models 
 
8) Wings Rib Tattoos for Women  
 Wing rib is another type of tattoo design that signifies freedom and independence. There 
are many women who love to be independent and wants to live their life without any 
restriction. Therefore, this rib tattoo is for females who want to live independent life. This 
tattoo is designed especially for women.  
 
Image credit: tattoosbag (side tattoos for females) 
 
Image credit: Pinterest  
 
Image credit: Pinterest  
 
9) Compass Design Rib Tattoo  
 
Image credit: Pinterest 
 
Image credit: Pinterest (side tattoo female) 
 
Image credit: Pinterest 
 
BONUS 
 
5 Best Tattoo Artists on Instagram to Follow in 2023  
 
1) Ghinko  
 
Instagram Username: @ghinkos 
Total number of followers on Instagram: 201k 
 
Image credit: Ghinko Instagram Handle (tattoos on ribs for females) 
 
2) Devil'z Tattooz  
 
Instagram Username: @devilztattooz 
Total Number of Instagram Followers: 166k 
Location: Luxembourg, New Delhi (GK1 & Vegas Mall), and Gurgaon 
Contact Details: 9876543285 
Email: info@tattoosnewdelhi.com 
Timings: From 12 noon to 8pm (IST) 
Celebrity Clientele: Shikhar Dhawan, Taapsee Pannu, Remo D'Souza, Swara Bhasker, Esha 
Gupta, and many more.  
 
 
3) J O J O    C H R O N I C I N K  
 
Instagram username: @joannamroman 
Total followers on Instagram: 101k 
Email: info@chronicinktattoo.com 
 
 
4) Inkinn Tattoo Studio  
 
Instagram Username: @inkinntattoostudio  
Total Number of Instagram Followers: 11k   
Location: South Ext - 1, Defence Colony, Delhi 110003 
Contact Details: +91-9810563335  
Timings: From 11:30 AM to 9 PM 
 
5) Z A Y A  
 
Instagram Username: @zaya 
Total number of followers on Instagram: 130k  
 
Image credit: zaya Instagram handle (side body tattoos for females small)   
 
Concluding Thoughts     
 
In the world of body art, rib cage tattoos for women stand as both a canvas and a testament 
to the beauty of self-expression. As we wrap up this ink-inspired journey, remember that 
your rib tattoo is more than just ink on your skin; it's a reflection of your stories, passions, 
and strength. Like a hidden gem, rib tattoos unveil their allure in their subtlety. The curves 
of your body become a gallery, a space to showcase your art and your essence. From 
delicate florals that bloom along your ribs to intricate designs that whisper secrets only you 
know, your choice of rib tattoo becomes a part of you, an intimate masterpiece. 
 
So, whether you've already adorned your ribs or you're contemplating this captivating 
canvas, embrace the magic of rib tattoos. It's a tribute to your journey, a celebration of your 
uniqueness, and a reminder that beauty lies in the details, in the stories etched in ink along 
the graceful arcs of your body.  
 
Author Bio (Guest Contributor)  
 
Ani Johnson is a passionate blogger. She loves to share her thoughts, ideas, and experiences 
with the world through blogging. She is also associated with Follow The Fashion. You can 
also follow her on Instagram.  
 
Tattoo Aftercare Tips from a Dermatologist by Dr Dray 
 
 
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)  
 
1) How painful is a rib tattoo? 
 
The rib cage is one of the most painful areas of your body to get inked or tattooed. The 
reason being is the skin around the ribs is very delicate and thin, also, the fat in this body 
part is comparatively less, that's why it hurts most.  
 
2) What are the most painful and least painful parts of the body to get a tattoo? 
 
The most painful areas of the body to get inked or tattooed are the Armpits, Rib cage, 
Nipples and breasts, Groin, Elbows or kneecap, Hips, Neck and spine, face, and ears, and 
Lips. The least painful parts of the body to get a tattoo are Forearm, Outer shoulders, Upper 
and lower back, Outer bicep, etc.  
 
3) Can I wear a bra after getting a tattoo on my rib cage? 
 
Yes, you can definitely wear a bra after getting inked but we recommend you to wear it after 
24-36 hours and make sure it is not too tight. If possible, free the nipples for a day or two.    
Pillow Challenge – Have You Tried This Quarantine Look Yet? 
When stay-at-home orders first entered into force, the initial days were spend in 
apprehending about the future and contemplating the next few phases of uncertainty.  
 
But let’s face the truth, this lockdown has provided us with the much-needed break from the 
daily humdrum (especially for those, like me, who are fastened to a demanding corporate 
job!). With the absence of domestic help, doing the household chores has become inevitable. 
While some people are finding this never-ending lockdown exhausting, but for others, stay-
at-home has certainly turned them to a trendsetter! 
 
Ok. So, you’ve cleaned all your closets, mastered the art of making Dalgona coffee and 
banana bread, tried the various TikTok workout and dance challenges and there’s nothing 
more to do. What’s next? Wear a pillow as a dress! The Pillow Challenge is the new fashion 
trend that is creating waves on social media. The question is, should you choose to accept it? 
Well, you should because thousands of people are trying this out and trust me, this is way 
more fun! But first, let’s explore what is this latest fashion trend all about and how it came 
into play. Ready? Let’s dive in!  
 
 
 
The Pillow Challenge – What is It? 
 
Are you poor in gardening, singing or dancing? Is cooking or other domestic skills not your 
cup of tea? Don’t worry! You’ve got something new to try your hands at! It is called the 
#PillowChallenge where you don’t need to knead, cook or sew. Just strip yourself naked, 
wear a pillow as a dress, accessorize (if you want) and look hot.   
 
 
A ‘challenge’ that has no rhyme or reason, it is just pure fun that is worth a try when you are 
stuck at home. This easiest yet unique quarantine fashion trend was first started by 
@stylebynelli and @myforteisfashion in April on Instagram and since then, there has been 
no looking back! It is now popular on the internet under the hashtags #pillowchallenge, 
#pillowdresschallenge and so on.  
 
 
 
Fashion has been a domain of experimentation for many years but till date, #pillow 
challenge has been an unparalleled one. So, how do you exactly do this challenge? All you 
need to do is take up your favorite big pillow, clinch it around your waist with the most 
stylish belt that you have. It was only a matter of a few days before this trend became viral. 
And would you believe it? Both the hashtags have earned over 343k posts so far. From Halle 
Berry to Anne Hathaway, many Hollywood celebrities have nailed the look by trading their 
clothes.  
 
About the Trendsetters of This Challenge 
 
As mentioned earlier, @stylebynelli and @myforteisfashion hit the popularity button from 
the moment they started the trend of turning a pillow as a dress. Both of them had posted 
pictures of themselves wearing pastel blue and pink pillows respectively. They had secured 
the pillows with a fashionable belt and adorned their look further. Then they encouraged 
their friends and followers to try the challenge and post a picture of themselves. But when it 
comes to a fashion trend, there is always a scope for innovation. Many international fashion 
influencers, as well as Indian celebrities, have gone a step ahead in recreating a sassy look 
by using luxury brands.  
 
 
National Popularity of #PillowChallenge 
 
Till now, many of us were thinking that staying at home is so boring until recently some of 
the phenomenal trends came into light, #pillowchallenge for instance. But are you thinking 
that the ‘pillow challenge’ is a fad meant for the international celebs or social media family 
only? You’re quite mistaken there! Our desi buffs have also joined the quirky fashion 
bandwagon and are loving the idea of posing with a pillow on their bare body.  
 
So, who are our favorite Indian celebs who have put on the new lockdown outfit? 
 
•Payal Rajput – The Tamil actress took up the pillow challenge, wearing a yellow pillow 
dress and looked stunning.  
 
 
•Neha Kakkar – The popular singer of many Bollywood movies is also well-known for trying 
out the latest fashion trends. On TikTok, she posted a video wearing not one but a total of 3 
pillow dresses - white, green, and floral printed. Oh! And in one of her pillow dress looks, 
she sports a bit of Indianness too! 
•Tamannah Bhatia – The actress shared a picture wearing a white pillow dress and 
accessorized it with a Gucci belt. “I’m off to club bed featuring DJ pillow and MC blanket!” - 
her Instagram page said. 
 
 
My Take on the Challenge 
 
Being in lockdown for more than two months, I wad completely bored too. Besides doing 
the regular Work from Home and household chores, deep down in my heart, I was thinking 
of trying something new (fashion-wise, of course!). And then, there was this ‘pillow 
challenge’, which I wanted to give it a shot but was reluctant at the same time.  
 
Finally, one weekend, I decided to try the trend. At first, I wasn’t sure how I would look 
wearing a pillow and whether I’ll be laughed at by my friends. Nevertheless, I put aside all 
my assumptions and strapped my favorite pink floral pillow around my waist with a black 
belt. I accessorized my look by wearing heels, a pair of shades, and a dash of my best-loved 
Maybelline hot pink lipstick. Till now, everything was fine. The real struggle came when I 
had to click a picture. To do this, I had set up my phone on a shelf in my room and turned on 
the 15-second timer.  
 
Altogether, it took me around 20 minutes and 10 photos before I was finally satisfied with a 
decent pillow dress image. I also attempted to click a few pictures with other accessories 
like a book and a wine glass but well, my effort was wasted because pictures without these 
were far better! 
 
 
Conclusion 
 
Who said lockdown is meant for doing Work from Home and monotonous domestic chores? 
This is the time to unleash your spirit of creativity and explore the unexplored. Staying at 
home is a challenge not until you are aware of the various social media challenges and sport 
the trend in your own way. So, my dear readers, recreate your own version of this 
quarantine look and stay in trend fashionably! 
 
Author Bio 
 
A passionate fashion blogger, Sukanya Seal has plenty of style tips and ideas that will take 
your sense of fashion up a notch. With extensive coverage on the latest fashion trends all 
over the world, her blogs will inspire anyone wishing to make a style statement or blending 
modernity in traditional attire. Her blogs also carry inspiring contents on health and 
lifestyle and her beauty guides are quite popular too. Watching horror movies, traveling to 
new places, and cooking are the things she delights in during her leisure time.  
Why Wear Cotton Silk Saree to Work in 2023 (7 Reasons) 
Indian women look their best when they dress up in sarees. It is one of the most graceful 
garments that has been incorporated by many countries across the world. The trick to 
draping the perfect saree lies in choosing the right material. While some sarees are 
incredibly easy to drape, others can be tricky and a lot of hassle, especially silk sarees that 
look unsightly and bulky if they are not draped properly. 
 
While most women prefer to wear silk sarees on special occasions, you must consider 
wearing pure silk cotton sarees to work in 2023. You know why? This article will answer 
that question for you! So read on to know more.  
 
7 Reasons Why You Should Choose Pure Silk Cotton Sarees for Office Wear  
 
#1 Look graceful and be comfortable all day long 
 
An office is a place you are not only required to dress presentably but also look professional. 
At the same time, you must also feel comfortable so that you work all day with complete 
focus. Cotton silk sarees have a certain grace that makes you look sharp in an office 
environment. They are also breezy and light that keeps you comfortable all day long. 
 
Also Read: Tips On Choosing The Best Banarasi Silk Sarees 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
#2 Makes you look unique 
 
Over the years, many women have moved to western office wear. However, if you still dress 
in the traditional style, it will not only make your style unique but also help you stand out 
from the crowd. This is one of the best ways to be recognized for your unique sense of style. 
You would have to agree that a saree can be a great conversation breaker and a head-turner. 
It is a great idea to break the boring western formal pattern and choose pure cotton silk 
sarees to dress in a different way.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
#3 It is a comfortable fabric 
 
On a hot and humid day, cotton can be a very useful fabric is it is light and breezy. It is soft 
on your skin and has a natural ability to control body temperatures that keep you cool all 
day long. So prefer wearing formal cotton silk sarees to work on those days when the 
mercury is rising at a manic pace! You can wear your slim-fit pants and skirts on any other 
day of the week. In fact, if you use the right draping procedure, it will keep you ventilated 
throughout the day. 
 
Also Check Out: How To Wear A Saree To Look Slim And Tall (Watch VIDEO)  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
#4 Different looks with the same saree 
 
If you want to add variety to your look, you can play around with multiple styles by simply 
changing the blouse designs. They are readily available online or you can pick the ready-
made styles from a boutique at a reasonable price. In addition to that, you can also easily 
find low-cost office wear cotton sarees online that will make your wardrobe colorful 
without spending too much money. The best thing? You don't have to worry about the 
fitting too! Drape it the way you want to get the desired look. 
 
 
#5 No need to go for a fitting 
 
During the course of our career, our body changes shape multiple times. Sometimes you 
gain weight, other times you lose weight. If you are someone who has a lot of western wear, 
you would either have to run to the seamstress to get them fitted or buy a new collection of 
clothes to fit your body. However, with sarees, you don't have to worry about fitting. Just 
choose flattering colors to complement your skin tone and drape the saree properly to get 
an illusion of a lean silhouette.  
 
#6 Follow your own tradition  
 
Sarees are deeply rooted in Indian culture and wearing it for your office use is a good way to 
keep that tradition alive. You may also end up inspiring the younger generation to dress up 
in traditional Indian attire. Besides, well-kept good quality trendy office wear sarees can 
also be passed on to your daughters as an heirloom.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
#7 They are easily available online 
 
Thanks to the growing popularity of sarees and their acceptance at the workplace, they 
have now become easily available across all major online stores. You can simply choose the 
colors and styles you want and get them shipped at your doorstep. This is the best and the 
most convenient way to upgrade your wardrobe without ever leaving your house!  
 
Women who love dressing in traditional Indian clothing, albeit with a modern twist, can try 
different ways to wear pure cotton sarees for office wear. They are incredibly versatile and 
can be worn in multiple ways as per your own style statement. You can pair them with 
shirts, leather jackets, belts, and even pants to create your own unique look.  
 
Now that you know the benefits of wearing pure silk cotton sarees to the workplace, it is 
time to redo your collection and introduce a little culture into your wardrobe. Start with 
cotton silk sarees! 
 
You may also like:  
 
Top 10 V Neck Blouse Designs To Make A Fashion Statement  
 
Frequently Asked Questions 
 
#1 What is the price of pure silk cotton sarees for office wear? 
 
The price of formal office wear cotton sarees for ladies starts from INR 500 and go high up 
to INR 5000. If you are on a tight budget, you can buy below 500 from online stores like 
Flipkart, Myntra, Mirraw, Amazon, etc. However, if you have good budget and willing to 
spend INR 1000-2500, you can explore shopping sites like Craftsvilla, Nykaafashion, Cilory, 
Fabindia, etc.  
 
#2 Is it okay to wear saree in office?  
 
Yes, it's completely fine to wear a saree for work. In fact, many women working in private 
and government organizations prefer saree for office wear. If you can carry it comfortably, 
you must wear it since it will help you look more professional, unlike regular jeans.  Also, it 
will help you stand out from the crowd. On traditional festivals like Diwali, Makar Sakranti, 
Basant Panchami, Maha Shivratri, Ganesh Chaturthi, Navratri, Janmashtmi, etc., we strongly 
recommend you wear a saree.  
 
#3 Which state is famous for sarees in India? 
 
Here is a complete list of states famous for sarees - Tamil Nadu for Kanjeevaram, Uttar 
Pradesh for Benarasi Silk Saree, Maharashtra for Paithani Silk, Madhya Pradesh for 
Chanderi, Orissa for Sambalpuri, Gujarat for Patola, Rajasthan for Lehariya, Andhra Pradesh 
for Guntur, West Bengal for Garad, Assam for Muga, and Punjab for Phulkari. 
 
#4 Which type of saree is best for daily use? 
 
When it comes to selecting a saree for daily wear, you must pay attention to the material 
a.k.a fabric. Generally, women of all age groups prefer lightweight and breathable fabric for 
daily wear sarees such as cotton, silk, chiffon, linen, etc. For summers, we recommend you 
choose cotton or silk saree for your daily use. These lightweight and airy fabrics will keep 
you cool and comfortable during the scorching summer days. 
8 Fashion Accessories to Wear With Kurtis (2023) 
Never underestimate the power of accessories! Like the garnish that adds appeal to a 
delicious dish, accessories can instantly enhance your overall outfit. The right accessories 
can even transform a basic outfit into a statement attire. Let us find out the best fashion 
accessories to wear with your latest styles of kurti and look fantastic from head to toe.  
 
1) Silver Danglers 
 
Whether it is Chandbalis, chandelier earrings, mirror earrings, or Afghan earrings, your 
jewelry collection is incomplete without stunning silver danglers. Silver complements any 
outfit and adds a dressy touch to it. Also, big silver earrings are statement accessories that 
can enhance even simple outfits. 
 
When choosing silver danglers, pay attention to details like the size and weight of the 
earring. Also, make sure that the shape and structure flatter your facial features. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
2) Hot Heels 
 
Although you can wear any type of footwear with Kurtis, heels will help you look amazingly 
stylish. They elongate your feet and help you appear tall. If you are uncomfortable in high 
heels every day, opt for platform heels or wedges. Not only will they add extra inches of 
height to your lower body, but they also create a slimmer look. 
 
Also Read 5 Designer Kurtis That are Required to be in Your Closet 
 
 
 
3) Statement Necklace 
 
Simply add a necklace to your kurti outfit and it will look like you tried to dress well. Boho 
silver necklaces are very trendy and you can make the same piece of work with multiple 
kurtis. To add a touch of elegance to solid kurtis, go with oversized necklaces. Experiment 
with beads, terracotta and silk thread jewelry to find the perfect choices that match your 
kurtis. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest (what accessories to wear with kurti) 
 
4) Traditional Footwear 
 
Sport an authentic Indian look from top to bottom with traditional footwear like Kolhapuris, 
Jutties and Mojaris. The colorful and rustic effect of these Indian footwear choices will add 
desi charm to any outfit. Being flat-heeled, these slipper styles are extremely comfortable 
and add a signature touch to kurti ensembles. Indian footwear in tan or brown are neutrals 
that go with kurtis of all colors and styles. You can also experiment with embellished 
versions of Indian footwear for a dressy look. 
 
Also Read: 7 Cotton Kurtis Every Girl Should Have In Her Wardrobe 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
5) Stylish Sunglasses 
 
Glam up your daily look with stylish sunglasses. These practical accessories will not only 
protect your eyes from the harmful rays of the sun but also help you look modern. They are 
a great addition to contemporary Kurti outfits and are a must-have any time you step into 
the sun. When choosing sunglasses, find frames that complement your face shape. They 
should also sit comfortably on your nose without moving around. Invest in good quality 
shades with excellent UV protection and it will help you look your fashionable best for many 
years. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
6) Elegant Clutch Bags 
 
Add extra charm to your outfit by pairing it with a stunning clutch bag. This practical 
accessory is the modern and more useful variation of the common clutch purse. It is easy to 
carry as you can either wear it on your wrist or hold it like a purse. Clutch bags are very 
useful to contain your wallet, mobile, and make-up essentials. Additionally, clutch bags will 
also make the rest of your outfit look put together. If you must buy just one piece, opt for 
neutral colors like black, white, or navy. 
 
 
 
7) Modern Jhumkis 
 
Jhumkis are ethnic earring styles that never go out of fashion. Look traditionally fashionable 
in modern versions of beautiful jhumki earrings when you choose big and bold sizes and 
designs. Invest in a variety of jhumkis and you will have enough options to match different 
kurtis. Try jhumkis that cover the ear cuff to make a modern style statement. Apart from 
this, you can also find designs with multiple small jhumkis in various forms. Antique, 
stonework, Jaipuri style, lace and terracotta jhumkis are some of the different styles that 
you may like to add to your collection. 
 
 
 
8) Multi-purpose Sling Bag 
 
Whether it is for college, work, or casual outings, sling bags are versatile and stylish 
accessories to complete Kurti outfits. These convenient and handy versions of handbags are 
the right size to carry daily essentials like make-up, hairbrushes, sunglasses, wallets, and 
mobile phones. When choosing sling bags, opt for sleek, modern, and minimalist designs. 
These are the trending styles and they work with a variety of outfit options. They are also 
super-comfortable to carry around and add effortless style to almost every style of Kurti. 
You can wear them in cross-shoulder fashion or carry it on a single side as you prefer. 
 
 
 
Kurtis are practical and comfortable outfits that have evolved over the years to meet the 
ever-changing demands of Indian women. They are constantly present on the fashion scene 
and continue to be popular with women of all ages. 
 
Shop the modern collection of Kurtis online to find your favorites. And don’t forget to dress 
them up with help from this guide to achieve a gorgeous look. Mix and match one or more 
accessories from this list to create your own fashionable outfit that is complete in every 
way. 
 
Use our ideas and look your gorgeous best every single day.  
 
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)  
 
1) What Types of Bags to Carry With Kurtis? 
 
If you are wondering what types of handbags to carry with ethnic wear such as Kurtis, 
Sarees, Palazzos, etc., we recommend you complement your ethnic outfit with the following 
bags that are in trend these days - Sling, Satchel, Tote, Clutch, Wristlet, Potlis, and Hobo 
bags.   
How to Look Glamorous Everyday in 2023 - Tips for Busy Women 
2023 is your year to shine with unwavering glamour, and being a busy woman is no longer 
an excuse to dim your shine. Busy women of today are no longer defined by their packed 
schedules; instead, they're defined by the unapologetic elegance they exude.  
 
Welcome to a style journey tailored for the modern-day go-getter, the woman who thrives 
on juggling responsibilities and conquering challenges. This isn't just about makeup tricks 
and outfit ensembles; it's about embracing an attitude that radiates confidence, 
sophistication, and a dash of audacious charm. In this guide, we'll educate you on how to 
look glamorous everyday on a budget. From effortless hacks to strategic style choices, we'll 
transform your routine into a ritual of empowerment. So, get ready to conquer 2023 with a 
sparkle that's uniquely yours – because the world deserves to witness your glamorous glow, 
day in and day out. 
 
Step 1: Focus on Your Signature Colors (Dress to Impress) 
 
The most important thing to do is find out what colors do you favors and which ones do not. 
Being sure of your own signature color is one of the top priority tasks for you right now. 
Since you do not have plenty of time to worry about what you are going to wear, it will be 
best to at least know what colors you want to go with. Is it black, white, grey, or perhaps 
something else? 
 
Playing with the three grayscale colors will make sure that matching your outfit is quite 
easy. Matching white, black, or grey with another color is not only very advisable and nice, 
but it is also quite easy and time-saving.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest (how to be glam) 
 
Step 2: Pay Attention to Your Hair 
 
Your glam style depends on 4 different factors. The outfit that you are going to wear (which 
is very important to be according to either the new elegant trends or going back to the 
classics such as the little black dress, LBD), the makeup, the attitude (as you cannot be 
elegant if you do not behave in such a way), and your hairstyle.  
 
Yes, hair is indeed quite important, and this is why you have to pay attention to it. The safest 
option is washed hair that looks quite fresh, but sometimes you cannot afford to wash your 
hair on a daily basis. This is why you can turn to options such as dry shampoo or opting for 
an interesting braid or a nice ponytail. Ponytails and high tails are very popular at the 
moment and they definitely bring that elegant effect. If you prefer buns, though, you can go 
with one as well - Audrey Hepburn vibes. 
 
Also Read: 7 Quick & Easy Steps To Make Under Braid  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest (how to be glamorous everyday) 
 
Step 3: Put Your Best Foot Forward With a Pair of Sexy Heels 
 
Women can do anything a man can do and that too in heels. Stock up your wardrobe with 
some sassy stilettos, pumps, wedges, block heels, and platform heels. When buying a pair of 
heels, you should consider this ultimate guide to put your best foot forward and grab the 
attention of onlookers.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest (what makes a woman glamorous) 
 
Step 4: Invest in Quality Makeup Products (Not Expensive)  
 
Next up, let us talk about your makeup. Yes, your clothes are the biggest percentage of your 
glam style, but you won’t be a glamorous woman without good makeup. And since you want 
to come off as a successful yet elegant lady, you need to wear your glamour everyday and 
for the same, you have to invest in high-quality makeup. Not because expensive things 
matter, but because you want to show the world that you really pay attention to the way 
you look. 
 
Apart from that, there are high-quality makeup products that are not very expensive, so you 
can go with them. Remember that glamour and elegance is also about buying things that are 
actually good, and not only popular. So, investing in a good lipstick, for example, will show, 
and it is so much better than buying a cheap one and not looking your best. 
 
Also Read: 10 Online Beauty Shopping Sites to Bookmark 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest (how to look glamorous) 
 
Step 5: Save Time by Shopping Online 
 
Saving time is actually the key to dressing up nicely when you are a busy woman. But, if you 
are wondering how to look more glamorous on a budget and save time? Here is the answer. 
Apart from choosing your colors and having a couple of colors that you can play around 
with, or having colors that are complementary, you can also save a lot of time shopping 
from online stores. 
 
Sitting in the comfort of your own home, looking for fashionable women’s clothing online, 
and shopping from your armchair will definitely save you time in going to the store, 
shopping, and trying things on. This way, if you know your size, you simply buy the things 
that you like and try them on once they arrive. If they do not fit you, you can always return 
them and ask for a different size. You might not be getting the goods that exact day, but at 
least it will save you time going out of the house and shopping.  
 
Image credit: Pinterest (how to look more glamorous) 
 
Step 6: Take a Balanced Diet  
 
To glow inside and out, we strongly recommend you to take the right amount of proteins, 
vitamins, carbs, minerals, fats, and fiber in your diet regularly because you are what you eat. 
In fact, many skincare experts suggest having plenty of fruits and veggies. Always remember 
that eating right will keep your skin soft, lustrous, and supple.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
As the curtains draw on this glamorous journey through 2023, remember this: you, the busy 
woman who fearlessly tackles the world, possess the magic to turn every day into a 
masterpiece of elegance. Your calendar may be packed, but your spirit is boundless. So, as 
you stride through the chapters of 2023, remember that your story is not just told in words 
but also in the way you present yourself to the world. Let your aura be the envy of time 
itself, and may your journey be etched with the ink of everyday glamour. Stand tall, embrace 
the spotlight, and make every day mirror the starlit nights of your dreams. 
 
Before you leave, watch this VIDEO by Eman on "how to look glamorous in 10 minutes". 
 
 Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)  
 
1) How can I look elegant and beautiful all the time?  
 
You don't have to spend a fortune to look elegant and beautiful every day, instead, you can 
simply follow our 7 secrets to look classy on a budget - 1) Invest in quality footwear 2) 
Wear tailored outfits - Fit is the New Hit 3) Own a pair of crisp White Shirt or Tee 4) Wear 
matching accessories 5) Ace in layering 6) Pay attention to your hairstyle 7) Confidence is 
the Key 
 
2) How do I glam up my look in 2023? 
 
If you want to glam up your look, we recommend you try out these fail-proof ways -  1) 
Stand out with a statement piece, don't overdo it 2) Dress to Impress - give your closet a 
makeover with the latest trends 3) Let your eyes do the talking with a dash of Kajal, 
eyeliner, or mascara 4) Eat healthy to glow inside and out 5) Put your best foot forward 
with the right footwear 6) Don't forget to wear your confidence 
6 Style Tips for Homecoming (HOCO) 2023 
With homecoming season just around the corner, no wonder young ladies around you are 
looking to doll up. While it’s alright for some to follow the lead of celebrities like the 
Kardashian sisters, picking your own style according to your body type and preference will 
make you stand apart in any crowd. 2023 Homecoming dress trends might be influenced by 
celebrities but you don’t have to spend big money to achieve that look. There are plenty of 
fashion sites online that offer gorgeous dresses at a reasonable price. Here are 5 style tips 
for homecoming 2023 to help you impress those around you without breaking your bank. 
 
1. Be Confident 
 
It’s quite common that we love a dress on a celebrity but when a friend, cousin, or even 
ourselves try a similar dress, it simply fails to be impressive. The trick to carrying a dress 
that is bold and striking is to be confident and comfortable in your own skin. Whether you 
are planning to wear a daring open-back party dress or a sexy deep v-neck dress, it’s your 
self-confidence that will make you appear effortlessly chic. For instance, sequin bodycon 
mini dresses or embroidered lace short dresses are breathtaking but only when you wear 
them fearlessly with confidence. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest 
 
Image credit: Pinterest 
 
Also Read: How to Wear the Same Dress in 3 Different Styles 
 
2. Put Your Best Foot Forward 
 
Instead of blindly following the lead of your favorite celebrity, take a closer and 
unprejudiced look at yourself. You could also ask a close girlfriend, sister, or cousin to help 
you to decide your best feature that you would like to show off. Is it your smooth and silky 
back or your shapely legs? Is it your well-sculpted shoulders or your cleavage? Once you 
know your strength, choosing a suitable designer attire becomes easy. The bead-
embellished off-shoulder dresses or strapless floral lace applique tulle cocktail dress can be 
good options for the bold and the beautiful who do not hesitate to flaunt those sexy 
shoulders in a seductive off-the-shoulder dress. 
 
 
 
3. Smile is Your Best Accessory 
 
While you are busy checking out various homecoming outfit ideas, please remember that 
more than a dress or makeup it’s the smile on your face that counts. Are you conscious of 
stains on your teeth and avoid smiling? Any money you spend on teeth whitening will be 
worth it. I wouldn’t worry so much about crooked teeth or the gap between front teeth if I 
were you. They lend character to a smile. Unless you are going Bundy’s way and leave bite 
marks on someone for police to discover, smile away. It only makes you more charming. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest 
 
4. Choice of Colors 
 
 Along with styling, colors are an important factor for selecting the Homecoming Dresses 
2023. Not only your complexion and hair color but also the persona you want to project is 
important. You might also want to check out the colors trending this season. Galaxy Blue, 
Guacamole, Chili Pepper, Dark Cheddar, and Paloma are some of the colors of the season 
that you might like to try out. Black is the ultimate sophistication and red is the new black. 
But nudes and light pinks are innocent and alluring at the same time. Make sure the color 
you choose for your homecoming dress works to your best advantage. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest 
 
5. Budget for Designer Dresses  
 
Let’s admit most of us do not have the bank balance of either Paris Hilton or the Kardashian 
sisters even though we love to dress up like them. Thank heavens we don’t have to take out 
a second mortgage on our soul to buy designer HOCO attire 2023. There are plenty of 
designers who design awesome stuff and their clothes are available online at a reasonable 
rate. Not only we can check out various styles and designs from the comfort of our home, 
but we can also do it whenever we have time. We can even show them to our friends and 
ask for their opinion. Moreover, the same dress is available in different colors which only 
makes our life easy.  Most importantly, let me reiterate, these designer dresses are within a 
workable budget. 
 
 
 
6. Use Accessories and Makeup Wisely 
 
With the dress out of the way, let’s focus on trimmings and make-up because even the best 
attire is often ruined by improper trappings. When in doubt, less is more. Don’t let your 
personality be dominated by loud make-up or hoards of jewelry. One statement piece is 
enough whether it’s a ring, a clutch, or a neckpiece. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest 
 
With these styling tips, you will not only grab a lot of eyeballs but also remind your friends 
why they always looked up to you when it came to style and the latest fashion.  
 
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) 
 
1) What to wear to homecoming 2023? 
 
Still looking for outfit ideas for homecoming 2023? If so, we've got the latest hoco 2023 
trends, which include Sequin Bodycon Mini Dress, One-shoulder Dress, Ruffled Dress, Puff 
Sleeve Mini Dress, Asymmetrical Hem Dress, Satin Slip Dress, Printed Jumpsuits or a 
Sequined, Beaded Jumpsuit, A Color Block Dress,  A Feathered Skirt or Dress, A Power Suit, 
A Plaid Dress or Skirt, etc.  
Handmade Bag Trends 2023: Spring Collection 
The spring days are knocking on your door. Are you feeling the excitement to reinvent your 
wardrobe? Well! My fashionista ladies are surely gearing up for an excellent adventure to 
the sea beaches adorning the best spring attires. What should be the best handbags you can 
carry and pair with your spring attire? This is the era of handcrafted bags to add to your 
collection and dress like a diva. Let us find out the top trends of handmade bags for spring 
that will rule in 2023. 
 
Spring Bag Trends 2023 - Stylish and Cute Handmade Bags to Carry Everyday 
 
From wicker to straws, fishnet to neon’s, these trends will go well with your attires and 
fascinatingly transform your personality. 
 
1) Straw bags 
 
Now is the time to make an eco-friendlier choice and go green. The handbags made of straw 
will be the best deal this spring. You will find a plethora of designs in this segment. The 
prime reason for going straw this time is to add some more space to your handbags without 
making them heavy. The lighter designs will be easy to carry. In fact, the bags are 
waterproof and extremely durable. The neutral look will deliver immense flexibility for you 
to choose any attire.  
 
No matter what dress and design you are opting for; these masterpieces will go hand-in-
hand with your elegant choices. Prefer the round ones to comply with your palazzos and 
frocks. You can also make a bold combination with your blouse-pant attire too! Apart from 
the natural color, you can go for matte black as well. 
 
 
 
2) Plastic bags 
 
This is not what you think. It does not resemble the carry bags we use to shop in the 
supermarkets. The recyclable plastic material is skillfully transformed into stylish handbags 
that can be adorned even when you are walking on a red carpet! Whether you want a sling 
bag or a belt bag, you can get it all in this segment. The versatile prints on the material will 
also comply with your persona well. The latest styles are transparent plastic bags that look 
extremely classy in your hands. 
 
Also Read: 10 Things That Every Girl Should Carry In Her Handbag 
 
 
Image Credit: Amazon 
 
3) Wooden beads 
 
Don’t get astonished as wood can be excellently crafted and used to make handbags. Ok! 
Hold your horses and let me explain. The wooden beads look like a beautiful piece of 
jewelry when they are inter-sewn. The natural patterns on the polished beads will add a 
beautiful aura to your handbag. It is a perfect combination for the ladies who like to wear 
fringe dresses or jeans shorts.  
 
You will find beautiful items in this segment. The wooden beads can be of any shape 
offering elegant designs to this style. Go for colorful or black-white beads to pair with your 
dresses this spring. 
 
Also Read: Different Styles Of Summer Dresses For Women 
 
 
Image Credit: Soeurs.co 
 
4) Bright hue bags  
 
This is the era of bright hues and pop colors. Why not incorporate this 2023 trend in 
handmade bags? The brilliant and attractive candy color combinations will give the best 
twist to your attire. For instance, neon orange is the prime choice of all the ladies who like 
to add a bright-colored ring clutch or cross-body handbag to their attire.  
 
In fact, this new trend is also setting a record in the shoulder backpack section. Go for the 
brilliant colors after considering the dress you want to wear. Your bright-colored dress will 
not comply with these choices. Remember to wear a dark tone dress to make these 
accessories more visible and elegant. 
 
Also Read: Fashion Essentials Every Girl Should Have In Her Wardrobe 
 
 
Image Credit: Brit.co 
 
5) Netted bags 
 
No. I am not joking! The latest trend of using fishnet bags is becoming ragingly popular 
among young ladies. It resembles a fruit bag that comes in the form of nets. The prime 
features are the color of strings and its remarkable finish.  
 
Believe it or not, these handbags are made to carry your purse, phone, and other bigger 
things easily. It can also be used as a grocery bag too. Yes. This multipurpose style is a big 
trend these days. The nets are hand-sewn to give a brilliant look. 
 
Also Read: How to Select the Right Handbag 
 
 
Image Credit: Vogue 
 
6) The wicker the better 
 
Wicker is something that never goes out of trend. Adding the best designs in this category 
will give you the opportunity to use evergreen masterpieces this spring and later. The hand-
woven wicker handbags are ideal for a sophisticated look.  
 
You can add these eclectic masterpieces to your long-skirt attire. The spring colors in your 
attire will match perfectly with the natural color of wicker handbags. Find the structured 
wicker handbags that come in circular, rectangular, or cylinder shapes. 
 
 
Image Credit: dsw 
 
7) Embroidery 
 
I think I have your full attention now! The embroidery bags are back in fashion with a bang. 
Imagine how cool you will look with a Bohemian embroidery tote. These bags offer ample 
space to pack your essentials and carry them easily.  
 
The soft handles will jot bruise your fingers. You can also choose a yellow embroidered 
round handbag with floral prints this spring. The elegant stitched patterns on the bags will 
make your day and make every onlooker envy your looks. 
 
 
Image Credit: DHgate 
 
8) Pompom addiction 
 
This is not a new style but can rejuvenate the old ones. Adding pompoms to the handles as 
tassels will be a brilliant idea. The tassel design using pompoms will add new colors to 
explore. It goes well with any conventional handbag choice. Always go for neutral bag colors 
to make your pompom tassels look radiant. 
 
 
Image Credit: ashleysummer.co 
 
9) Bucket bags 
 
The odd designs catch the eyes quicker. What about the bucket handbags? The plush leather 
colors morphed in the form of buckets will give your style an excellent element to flaunt. 
From neutral baby pink to flashy yellow, dark tan to brown, you will find remarkable colors 
to choose from. 
 
 
Image Credit: whistles 
 
10) Colorful beads 
 
Colorful beads create a perfect classy handbag for young ladies. This is a great choice to 
flaunt bold and beautiful colors with your denim skirts and dark-colored blouses. Make 
your attire more eye-catchy by adding these bead handmade bags. 
 
 
Image Credit: Etsy 
 
Final Thoughts  
 
Why wait then? Jump on the bandwagon and start adding these trending handmade bags to 
gear up your fashion this spring. Make brilliant choices and let everyone envy you. 
 
Author Bio (Guest Author) 
 
Krishna Gaur is a Content Strategist with Fip handbags. He has more than 2+ years of 
experience in this role, before kick-starting with content marketing he was working as a 
Digital Marketing Manager with a leading IT company in India. Apart from his work he loves 
listening to rock music, riding his bike, and cooking. A sapiosexual who gives consultancy to 
people who want to kick-start their career.  
What are Western dresses? Latest Trends to Follow 
With the advent of social media, it’s getting easier and easier for Indian women to keep 
themselves updated with the latest fashion trends in fashion and choose the type of dresses 
they like to wear. Whether it is following the new and popular fashion trend influencers on 
Instagram, or checking out their favorite celebrity’s designer outfits, staying on top of the 
fashion game has never been easier! Every outing is an occasion for a new snap-on 
Snapchat, a new display picture or an interesting social media story. You never know when 
the next brunch or party or travel story becomes a hit online, so it is important to stay 
ahead of the fashion police and look your best at all times! Thus a myriad of popular fashion 
bloggers, fashion pages, and trend-setters have set the path for fashion-conscious women to 
document their hits and misses online. 
 
This has led to an amazing amalgamation of the Indian and Western fashion trend i.e. Indo-
western wear that appeals to the contemporary Indian woman. As our taste in western 
fashion trend has peaked, so have the options for types of western dresses in the market. 
From palazzos to off-shoulder tops, if you’re a top western brand in India, chances are that 
you are stocked with these types of dresses. 
 
Unlike traditional Indian wear like cotton kurtis, which is known for their extravagance, 
western dresses are the type of dresses that have a more moderate and modern appearance 
with its sharp cuts and edgy appeal. Western dress wear has always been associated more 
with working women as it is seen as a practical and efficient style of dressing.  Luckily 
though, this distinction between the type of dresses has receded as more and more women 
are embracing western dress wear into their wardrobes. It has also birthed a hybrid 
dressing style with Indo-western wear at its center, like Kaftan and cape dresses. 
 
Although most corporate dressing codes forbid women from wearing any type of western 
dresses other than formal suits and skirts, few companies are heralding a new age of 
informal workwear that encourages women to adopt a more comfortable and trendy attire. 
At such times, a western dress design like culottes and formal shirts help combine comfort 
with fashion. Similarly, the new type of dresses for young girls have blossomed like modern 
western dress wear. Cute maxi gowns, floral bow dresses or denim dungarees are all new 
adorable little girls western wear trends for kids. 
 
Every changing season brings a new trend into the market for Indian, western or Indo-
western wear, so let us take a look at the best western wear trends riding the wave of 
admiration of fashion-lovers. 
 
Bow Dresses 
 
This adorably cute western dress trend is a big hit among girls and women alike! Small or 
big bows tailored into the back of dresses are cutesy and eye-popping western wear trends 
of the season. Whether in a feminine pink hue, polka dots, or floral patterns, these types of 
dresses make for great casual and party wear outfits. If you’re going on a trip, a party, or a 
weekend outing, add some colorful heeled shoes to the mix and you’ll be a fashion diva! 
 
 
 
Asymmetrical Dresses 
 
With an asymmetrical hemline, these type of dresses makes one feel like a movie star with 
their breezy and fun look. They can be paired with some gorgeous necklaces and knee-
length boots. Style yourself with short or long asymmetrical dresses in colors of the season 
like magenta, hot pink, fuschia, or bright colors that give you a graceful and elegant air. Pair 
them with sunglasses and a handbag and you’re good to go for a formal or casual event! 
 
 
 
Dungaree Dress 
 
If you’re looking for comfort while shopping for a classy yet fun western dress look, you 
don’t have to look any further than Dungaree dresses! The ultimate lazy day dresses, they 
help you look like you made an effort to dress up while also giving you the breathing space 
you need during your downtime. Dungarees take one down the memory lane with denim 
overalls and the type of dresses you rocked at wearing as a child. 
 
 They’re back and they’re even cooler when paired with cotton T-shirts or crop tops. 
Tailored for the contemporary western dress look, dungaree dresses will ensure you’re on 
top of the western wear trends! 
 
 
 
Wrap Dress 
 
When one thinks of western dress design the image that pops into our mind is that of the 
wrap dress. Both glamorous and delicate, this type of dresses highlights the silhouette and 
exudes elegance even with the simplest of wrap dresses. Flattering for your figures and 
gentle on the tummy fat, dresses don’t get any more feminine than this. Usually worn with 
patterned fabrics, stripes or solid classy prints,  they look fabulous with pencil heels or 
block heeled shoes and a petite tote bag. You can wear them at any party or formal event 
with the right accessories! 
 
Also Read: Must-have fashion essentials for your wardrobe 
 
Lace dress 
 
Planning for a girls night out? Hoping to charm all eyes on to you? There is no need to go 
overboard and spend too much of your savings on flimsy dresses by some top western 
brand in India. Simply spruce up your wardrobe with the latest range of lace dresses 
trending in the market! Soft, delicate and extremely pretty, these type of dresses look good 
on everyone irrespective of body type. 
 
A must-have western dress apparel for women, lace dresses come in a range of different 
colors and are the epitome of the fancy western dress stereotype. However, the most-loved 
ones are beige, white and black. Even the tallest people look dainty and pretty in a lace 
dress paired up with some statement earrings and pumps. From innocent and cute to 
beautiful and scintillating, lace dresses have something to offer everyone! 
 
 
 
Off-shoulder 
 
The off-shoulder trend has been around for a long time now and doesn’t seem to be going 
away anytime soon! From dresses to tunics and tops with ruffled or statement sleeves, off-
shoulder offers one a wide repertoire of clothing to choose from. You can wear them on a 
pair of jeans, a flowing skirt or a cute pair of denim shorts. If you’re tall, flared pants and off-
shoulder tops should be your go-to mantra for a messy-yet-casual attire. A brilliant western 
dress outfit for cocktail parties and fancy events, you can pair your bright and eclectic 
colored off-shoulder tops with mid-length skirts for an on-the-go suave look. 
 
 
 
Denim 
 
Now here’s a western dress trend that never goes out of style: denim. Right from the simple, 
cozy blue jeans to denim shirts, everything can be flaunted with effortless grace with the 
right accessories. Denim jumpsuits can be styled in numerous ways with a funky colorful 
top. Loose, breathable and comfortable, High waisted jeans are just perfect for casual and 
simplistic attire.  When you’re running out of options, know that you can never go wrong 
with this type of dresses. Protect yourself from the cold winter or monsoon winds with a 
classic leather jacket or just match it with a mini skirt and clunky boots. If you’re looking to 
dress down with some non-garish items, just plain or distressed jeans is the way to go! 
 
Culottes 
 
Did you know culottes have been in use since the sixteenth century? But while back then 
this type of little girls fancy dresses meant something else entirely and was a garment used 
by men, today culottes have quickly evolved into a favorite among women. From palazzos to 
gauchos to culottes, these pants that look pretty similar can work wonders for your 
wardrobe. Comfortable and versatile, you can pair them with plain colored tees or cropped 
tops or floral off-shoulder ones. You can wear them while traveling, at meetings, outings or 
some fancy ones at parties! 
 
Also Read: Beautiful Summer Dresses for Women 
 
Maxi gowns 
 
Every once in a while we discover clothes that make us look good regardless of our height 
or body shape. Maxi gowns are the type of dresses that offer the best rescue options from a 
limited wardrobe for a night at the club or a special occasion. They look dazzling in colors of 
coral, purple, green, gold or black. If one is conscious about revealing skin, maxi dresses are 
comfortable and elegant wear. The best part is they can be worn with minimum accessories 
and still look stylish. So if you’re not a girly-girl but want to dress up for a special occasion, 
we couldn’t recommend maxi gowns more! 
 
 
 
Tie-dye 
 
This is one trend that no one expected would have a comeback since the hippie days! Dyeing 
clothes in different bright natural hues is an ancient technique that was even practiced by 
the Egyptians and the T’ang Dynasty! How strange that the 21st-century woman walks 
flaunting the very same type of dresses, albeit, in more subtle and understated tones. Tie-
dyed T-shirts, tracksuits, jumpers and flowing dresses with cotton candy and flowery 
shades can be seen everywhere right from on the likes of high-flying celebs like Rihanna to 
the girl-next-door. So splash up your wardrobe with funky colors from the top western 
brand in India and cool shades to get with the ‘IT crowd’! 
 
 
 
One shoulder 
 
It bloomed in 2017 and has been around ever since! The one-shoulder is a hot and snazzy 
fashion trend that has turned a wide variety of clothing apparel modern and chic. Available 
in striped patterns, bell sleeves, bishop, ruffled sleeves, and no sleeves, one-shoulder tops 
are quite similar to off-shoulder ones. The sheer number of ways they can be worn and 
designed to give off-shoulder clothes an edge and are a favorite among designers who can 
custom-make both sophisticated and bold ones for their own labels. Pair them with a long 
skirt, a cute handbag, and some cool glasses for a glamourous look! 
 
 
 
Along with the type of dresses, their fabric and patterns also play a large role in delighting 
fashionistas and setting the style magazines ablaze. Make sure you choose your fabrics and 
colors carefully and they compliment your features for a smashingly good look. Moreover, if 
you’re not comfortable with any outfit, avoid it as your confidence is your greatest 
accessory and will hamper you from having a good time! 
How to Wear the Same Dress in 3 Different Styles 
Not only does wearing the same dress every day seem dull and boring, but most of us would 
never dare to repeat an outfit two or three days in a row. However, is it really such a big 
deal if nobody else can tell you’re wearing the same items? The trick is not to think of it as 
repetition, but rather as creativity. Working with the items you already have in your closet 
will not only make you a more conscious consumer, but it will also challenge you to be more 
imaginative and find new, interesting ways to express your personal taste and style. So, here 
are some ideas that will help you wear the same dress in 3 different ways to 3 different 
occasions: 
 
How to choose the perfect dress 
 
The first and most important, thing you should do is find a dress that fits your figure 
perfectly and is versatile enough to be worn on almost any occasion. While you can 
experiment with prints and colors if that is the best representation of your personal style, 
the best idea would be to opt for a neutral shade and a classic cut that never goes out of 
style.  
 
Depending on your body type, choose a dress that hugs your figure well, accentuating the 
positive aspects, and hiding everything you don’t want to be on display.  For example, if you 
have fuller hips, opt for a dress with detailing on top, such as ruffles or puffy sleeves, to 
balance out your figure, while a bigger tummy can easily be concealed with a loose dress 
style and a belt that hits you right below the bust. You can by your staple dress in-store, 
have it made especially for you, or even find your ideal dress in any great women's online 
clothing boutique, as long you know which cut and shape suits you perfectly. 
 
Dressing it up for work 
 
The easiest way to dress up a staple dress and make it office appropriate is by combining it 
with an elegant blazer and a pair of stilettos or kitten heels. If you don’t want to go for such 
a classic workplace look, another great idea would be to opt for ballet flats and a classy 
cardigan, or even an oversized sweater, to add more texture to your look, while still 
remaining polished and professional. Another great way of achieving that effortlessly chic 
and refined look is by pairing your dress with some high heels and a trench coat or a long 
winter coat, then topping the whole look off with a sleek tote or even a silk scarf, for the 
ultimate Parisian chic outfit. 
 
 
 
Relaxed for a casual outing 
 
Whether it’s a brunch with your girlfriends, a shopping day, or even a quick stroll around 
town, there are endless ways you can style your staple dress for a cute and casual everyday 
look. From white sneakers and fashionable mules to denim and biker jackets, you can truly 
combine a neutral dress with almost any wardrobe staple you own.  
 
When the temperatures drop, your dress can easily be paired with some black tights that 
add some contrast to your outfit, layered over turtlenecks for a more refined and highly 
fashionable look, or even combined with sweaters that not only add some texture and color 
to your outfit, but also give you the opportunity to wear your dress as a skirt and create 
more diverse looks. With the right choice of shoes and fun casual bags, you can create 
numerous casual looks perfect for everyday wear. 
 
 
 
Glamming it up for a night out 
 
 
When it comes to constructing an attractive outfit for a fun night out, accessories are your 
best friend. A neutral dress can easily be highlighted with a pair of brightly-colored high 
heels, or even a shimmery clutch or cross-body bag. Statement jewelry can be a great focal 
point of any outfit, but especially when it comes to a dressier look, and it’s a very quick and 
easy way to add more dynamics to an otherwise neutral outfit. When the weather gets 
chillier, an outfit like this can easily be paired with a classic blazer or a cool leather jacket, 
for a polished and refined, yet still fun and sexy look. 
 
 
 
Whether your weekend trip requires you to pack lightly or you simply want to learn how to 
achieve more with less, these effective tips and tricks will help you nail that repeated outfit 
every time. 
 
VIDEO you may like: 7 Different ways to style the same white tee  
5 Top Essential Fashion Tips for Men (2023) 
Dressing up is a subtle art. Having an appropriate fashion sense is a vital part of our 
society’s hierarchy. You will need to look and dress perfectly for earning the respect of the 
community. If you want to look better and improve your dressing sense, you need to invest 
an adequate amount of time and effort. A good wardrobe is paramount in making a decisive 
first impression on all the people you meet. Exuding confidence and personality through 
your dressing, like any other skill, can be improved.  
 
However, the usual go-to fashion fads promise to be stylish but usually fade off after a short 
period. You will need to dig deeper and identify your brand of style which exudes your 
personality instead of going after the newest fast fashion. In case you are still figuring out 
the clothes and accessories you are most comfortable in, you are in the right place. Here are 
five unavoidable style and fashion tips for men for 2023 to improve their dressing sense.  
 
1) Keep it Straight Forward 
 
To have the best possible look, you need to keep your fashion simple and avoid going over 
the top. Maintaining a straightforward demeanor gives you a confident yet suave 
appearance. More often than not, men who dress extravagantly are not pleasing to the eye, 
and it requires a high degree of suave to pull off. Besides, you can maintain a professional, 
yet casual look over an extended period as it is more natural.  
 
2) Always Get The Right Fit 
 
Nearly all of your fashion issues will solve themselves when you switch to clothes that fit 
your frame. Ready-made sizes rarely fit the unique dimensions of every individual. Tailoring 
of dresses is essential in trimming your clothes to the perfect fit for you. A tailor-stitched 
suit is an incredible asset to any wardrobe. Usually, men tend to wear clothes that are one 
size too large or too small. It is critical to identify the right size for you so that you look good 
while wearing them. Even if you own your clothes from a reputed brand, you will not look 
good if you are wearing the wrong size. 
 
 
 
3) Build Your Style After Trying Classic Styles 
 
Try wearing more neutral colors which lets you experiment with different looks. Gradually 
try adding more colors, patterns, and textures without going overboard. Going after the 
latest trends will ruin your wardrobe and does not allow you to build on a consistent style. 
 
4) Wear Accessories That Accentuate Your Style 
 
Accessories are great for adding your unique take on a style. Try using accessories that 
match with both formal and casual wear. Wrist accessories such as workwear watches and 
bracelets are a classic trend that has been in vogue for centuries. Leather and bead bracelets 
tend to work great, together with almost any form of dressing. A great variety of bracelets in 
multifarious designs made with gemstones and precious metals are now obtainable, giving 
you the chance to make it your exclusive style.   
 
 
 
5) Use Sunglasses That Match Your Face Shape 
 
Sunglasses can add a new dimension to your flair. Sunglasses are made to match different 
face shapes. Make sure to identify the type of sunglasses that match your face shape and 
size. The right sunglasses will enhance your panache and sophistication, thereby 
augmenting your presence instantly. Furthermore, you can use your sunglasses by propping 
them over your head, on your shirt collar, or even your neck.  
 
 
 
Conclusion 
 
Having a fashion sense is an acquired taste. You will need to be brave and try out something 
different once in a while to help figure out what you are most comfortable in. Do not try to 
copy someone else’s style. Every individual has their unique style which matches their 
personality and dimensions, so what may work well for someone may not work for you. 
Finally, you need to be confident in your style to pull off whatever you wear and keep the 
aforementioned style and fashion tips for men in your mind.  
Pool Party Outfit Ideas for 2023 (10+ Sexy Looks) 
Summers are around the corner and what better way to celebrate the summer spirit than an 
enthusiastic and booze-filled pool party! Sitting on the poolside bench while relishing a 
fruity drink and soaking in the sun’s rays seems like paradise on earth with your gang. The 
biggest question when preparing for a party remains constant, that is, what to wear to a 
pool party? Fret no more! Read on for some tips and pool party outfits for 2023 that will 
definitely add more class to your summer wardrobe. 
 
Remember that a poolside party does not only require you to be in your best swimwear but 
you’re expected to have complementing spares and extras. A floaty caftan, cute flat sandals, 
and signature sunglasses make for a strong fashion statement. Here are 5 stylish yet classy 
pool party outfit ideas for 2023 that will make you want to head out to the pool with your 
gals immediately. 
 
1) A sexy one-piece bathing suit with a great set of accessories 
 
A combination of a one-piece girls swimsuit, a juniper sarong, ochre shades, and ankle-tie 
flat sandals, this adds up to a classy outfit that will surely make all your girlfriends burn 
with jealousy.  Since you’re wearing a one-piece bathing suit, you could look at summer 
skirts and denim cut-offs as an alternative to a sarong to make for a chic look. 
 
The choice of your accessories can either make or break the appeal of your clothes. One of 
the essential accessories at a pool party is a bag in which you can keep extra stuff like your 
swimwear, sunscreen, moisturizing cream, etc. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Add some cool sunglasses to shield your eyes, and a sombrero to keep your head fresh and 
you are fully prepared to partake in a fun-filled gossip session by the pool.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
While leather bags pump up every outfit, you’d want to skip over these at a pool party as 
they might get wet and face wear and tear post your little celebration. Carrying a 
basketweave jute bag with this outfit will result in you being the classiest woman at the 
gathering. 
 
2) Pairing a Two-piece Bikini with a Sundress 
 
A two-piece bikini is a sexy pool party outfit for 2023. Pair it with a white sundress and cute 
earrings, and you’ve got the most glamorous look out there. However, with a two-piece 
bikini, there are multiple styles you can adapt to with different combinations. 
 
If you’re feeling free and easy, you could put a t-shirt over your bikini and go for a bolder 
look. Similarly, your white button-down shirt from work can be used as a layer over your 
swimsuit. If not, you can don a sarong, which is a large piece of fabric to be worn as a skirt. 
Similarly, you can opt for bright patterned culottes to match the summer spirit. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
3) Wearing Denim Shorts with a Cool Cotton Tank Top 
 
Denim shorts, a cotton tank top, and a patterned robe to cover it all up — all say, “Bring the 
summer spirit on!” A simpler yet sexy look, this outfit can be customized from top to 
bottom. Switch the tank top for a lace crop top, and you’ve got something! These lace tops 
for women can step up your fashion game when substituted for the tank top. 
 
Sandals are an excellent option for footwear as compared to heels when you’re attending a 
poolside party. If you’re not a sandals person, you can opt for espadrille wedges or 
platforms while matching the tone of your clothes. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
You can always carry a light jacket to cover yourself up when the sun goes down. 
 
4) High-Slit Sexy Maxi Dress 
 
You can never go wrong with a high-slit sexy maxi dress for a poolside party. By sporting 
this poolside party look, you can easily stand out and grab the eyeballs of onlookers without 
putting in much effort.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
5) Sheer Top with Shorts 
 
Another sexy outfit to nail the poolside party in India is donning a sheer top with shorts. 
You can also wear a bright color bikini underneath your super cute sheer top. Many 
celebrities are also often seen sporting this look since it is awesome and can never go out of 
trend.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Final Words 
 
All these outfits have one thing in common, i.e., they are made out of natural fabrics. This is 
one factor that you should keep in mind when selecting your outfit. All your clothes, which 
cover your swimwear, should preferably be made of cotton or linen. Synthetic clothes tend 
to absorb heat and increase your skin temperature significantly. 
 
The opposite is true for your swimwear as natural fabrics have a high water absorption 
capacity. Thus, when you step out of the pool, your swimsuit would weigh you down and 
make you uneasy. Synthetic swimwear is always the way to go. 
 
So the next time you’re freaking out over cute yet sexy pool party outfit ideas for 2023, 
check out this complete dress guide and be on your way in a matter of a few minutes. Happy 
summers! 
 
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) 
 
1) What should I wear to a pool party in India?  
 
Whether it's an office pool party, college poolside party, or your friend is throwing it, you 
have plenty of outfit options such as palazzo pants paired with a crop top, midi dress, 
kimono or romper, see-through/sheer top paired with shorts, one-piece swimwear, plain 
white dress, midriff-baring two-piece set, a pair of denim cutoffs with a stylish bikini top, a 
full-length sheer caftan, etc.  
 
2) What should I wear to a pool party if I'm over 40?  
 
Whether you are in your 40’s, 50’s or 60’s, here are some of the best outfit ideas for a 
poolside party- wear a pretty maxi dress, a full-length pleated skirt paired with a feminine 
top, tankini, a one-piece swimsuit, etc.  
Latest Fashion Tips for Working Women + Teenage Girls 
The fashion industry has left teenage girls and women spoilt for choice. From fancy dresses 
to skirts and gowns, there are several options for females. For every occasion, there are 
various options for men and women; however, variety in the women’s section is 
increasingly at a rapid speed. 
 
With the advent of online fashion stores, it has become simpler than ever to buy maxi skirts 
or stylish tops for women. Everything can be bought from the comfort of your home. In fact, 
today’s e-commerce retailers allow easy exchange and return; luring more customers to 
shop for clothes online. 
 
Social media has brought world fashion to our fingertips. Today, most women rely on 
Instagram, Pinterest, and other social platforms to get the latest fashion trends and 
inspiration. Fashion is the third-most followed category on Instagram by followers 
worldwide. In a survey, it was found that 60% of respondents discover new fashion 
products through Instagram and 70% of them are likely to purchase through mobile. 
Looking at this trend, Instagram even changed its application and added a Shop Now 
feature. 
 
Everyday Fashion Tips For Teenage Girls and Working Ladies 
 
1) Summer is for Pastels 
 
Pastel shades are cooling and go well with the summer vibe. Soft hues frocks and gowns are 
a staple for your summer fashion wardrobe. Whether you are going for a summer lunch or 
office outing, pastel dresses will never disappoint. If you are someone who likes colors, you 
can try mixed pastels. Some of the most-loved pastel shades include baby pink, lime yellow, 
light blue, and aqua green. In today’s time, there are several pastel options available online 
across the women’s fashion category. You can browse through them and choose the one 
that suits your personality. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
2) Boho Fashion 
 
Boho chic women’s fashion is one of the most trending styles in the women’s category. 
While this fashion style is extremely stylish, not everyone can pull it off. But, it is definitely 
worth a shot. The younger generation is constantly finding clothes that resonate with their 
personality. The Bohemian fashion first emerged in the 1950s, but it is trending even today. 
Amongst such audience, hippie long frock for girls is trending. Many international actresses 
and fashion influencers are constantly promoting boho-chic fashion. If you are looking for 
fashion that is Insta-worthy, then your search ends at the Bohemian fashion. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
3) Ikkat Sari Designs 
 
Ikkat long frocks for girls come with an irresistible charm. An unconventional style, Ikkat 
fancy sari is the latest talk of the town. If you are looking for trendy fancy sari designs that 
go with the current summer vibe, then you must check out the Ikkat sari designs. It is the 
perfect blend of modern and traditional fashion and makes every woman who wears it look 
stunning. Mostly such saris come in cotton fabric, and thus, they are one of the must-have 
comfortable wears for this summer season. 
Ikkat designs aren’t just limited to saris, you can choose from Ikkat frocks and gowns, long 
frock for girls, and accessories too. 
 
 
 
4) Palazzo Pants Paired With Long Kurtas - Best Fashion Tips For Work Wear  
 
If you are one of those working ladies who spend long hours at work and are looking for 
format yet comfortable summer wear, then palazzo pants and long kurtas is your answer. If 
you have a printed palazzo, then keep the kurta plain. On the other hand, if you have a 
printed kurta, keep the palazzo plain. If your kurta is plain, pair it with junk jewelry and you 
will be ready to rock. Stylish crop tops for women can also be paired with palazzo pants. 
This look is perfect for Fridays when you work by the day and party by night. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
5) The Classic Denim Look 
 
Stylish tops for women with classic denim can never go out of style. Whenever in doubt, 
choose denim. Pair your favorite pair of denim with stylish tops for women, kurtas, or crop 
tops. Denim fashion has evolved too. Bell bottom jeans, boyfriend jeans, and high-waist 
denim, the range has become exhaustive. We bet picking one is going to be a tough choice 
for both teenage girls and working women. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Remember, fashion trends are going to keep changing. But what’s important is that you 
must know how to improve your dressing sense and pick clothes that make you feel 
comfortable. Dress to feel good from within, not to please those around you. 
 
If you have clothes that have become outdated, you can pair them with something trendy 
and create your own look. Who knows you could be the one creating a trend! No matter 
what you wear, it is important to wear it with confidence.  
How to Wear Jewelry to Complement Daily Wear 
The Jewelry adds a happy and good vibe to your whole look. So many varieties of clothes 
usually tend to create confusion while deciding the most suitable jewelry. When we talk 
about everyday outfits, the person should always go for minimalism and sophistication. And 
if you have to wear jewelry every day, then it becomes hard to change it daily. So pick up 
some light-weighted and sober jewelry pieces and add positivity to your look. Also, it 
doesn’t mean that you have to wear some unsuited jewelry with any outfit, so in that case, 
simply mix and match accordingly. 
 
Here is a list of some easy to wear outfits and their most suited jewelry pieces: 
 
#1 White Top 
 
The white shirt is essential for every wardrobe. It gives the whole crisp look at every 
occasion and goes well with most of the bottoms. But the reality is that most of the simple 
outfits require some jewelry to add needed bling to it. So whenever you are deciding to 
wear a white shirt, simply mix and match it with metal jewelry like a lightweight necklace or 
diamond ring. 
 
 
#2 Denim Shirt  
 
One of the most comfortable and trendy outfits is denim shirts. There is a lot you can do 
with it, roll up the sleeves, wear your denim shirt in 10 stylish ways, or add some creative 
jewelry with it. Whenever we are talking about its jewelry, then the first thing that strikes 
our mind is diamonds. Combine your denim shirt with a gold necklace or striking bracelet 
and give yourself an impactful look. 
 
 
 
#3 Blazers  
 
Getting yourself a perfectly fitted blazer can add help you to get a casual though edgy look. A 
blazer can easily transform a casual style into a self-confident style and for that, you have to 
choose the perfect jewelry pieces to combine with it. For a cool blazer look, wear it with a 
delicate pendant and chunky diamond studs. If you want to add a better look to it, combine 
it with a cool watch or bracelet. 
 
 
#4 Casual T-shirts 
 
T-shirts require minimalistic efforts and look cool on every woman. You can pair it with 
your jeans, shirt, or pants and get yourself feminine to a tomboyish look. But the T-shirt and 
perfect bottoms are not enough to get yourself the desired look; you have to accessorize it 
in a perfect way. So for jewelry, go for something minimalistic pieces like detailed chains 
with unique pendants and a matching watch. You can also go for simple studs. 
 
Also, Watch VIDEO: 7 ways to style a plain white t-shirt 
 
 
#5 Leather Jacket 
 
Leather jackets are known for their amazing attitude and biker-vibe look. Check out styling 
a leather jacket in 10 Fab ways.  It looks great with a dress, casual t-shirt, or with classy 
attire. Whatever style you are going for, simply combine your jacket look with minimalistic 
necklaces or a single statement ring as it will add a delicacy to it. All the metals look 
amazing with the leather material. Also, avoid wearing chunky stones with these jackets as 
it will make you look too much. 
 
 
#6 Dresses 
 
Dresses can never go out of fashion. From printed dresses to plain dresses, you can find 
everything in the market. You can also check 10 different styles of summer dresses for 
women. Most of the women complain that they find it hard to accessorize their dresses, so 
to help them out, here are some tips: 
 
Wrap Dress: Combine it with uncomplicated jewelry like simple studs and a single-layered 
necklace. Also, you can go for a simple bracelet and an Anklet. 
Printed Dress: Combine it with minimalistic jewelry with fewer patterns. God for studs or 
small ear hoops with a single chained neckpiece. 
Black Dress: Combine your chic dress with a gold or rose gold necklace, earrings, bracelet, 
and rings. 
 
 
 
When it comes to selecting the best jewelry for your outfit, you may take into account the 
event you are headed to. For instance, you would not wear the same jewelry to the office as 
compared to the jewelry you wear for a date. Would you? Now you know how to 
complement your everyday jewelry with your everyday outfits. You can apply the golden 
rule that complements your looks. Remember to experiment with your jewelry pieces but 
most importantly don’t forget your confidence at your home. You can buy gold jewelry 
online. You will fall in love with their amazing collection. 
5 Celebrities who Wore Corset Dresses 
Fashion is an ever-changing dynamic. New trends replace old ones and old ones get 
recreated every day. A style of any century is accepted by fashion critics if it is pulled off in 
the right way. One such retro craze that is back in vogue again is the corset. 
 
The tradition of manufacturing and wearing corsets began in the mid-nineteenth century 
during the reign of Queen Victoria. Advertising campaigns in Britain and the USA further 
popularized the fad making it a part of the attire of different classes of women. This tight, 
restrictive item of clothing reflected on the societal expectations from women of that period 
as they were supposed to view life as strict, orthodox, and rigid like the corset itself. The 
body-hugging lingerie style garment also served the ulterior purpose of reducing women's 
waist sizes, often to numbers that were harmful to their health. 
 
 
The age-old trend made its way back into the fashion market when designer Vivienne 
Westwood reinvented the corset in the 1970s. She revisioned the conventional corsets by 
flattening them out and raising the bosom, thus adding an innovative touch of glamor and 
power. Today corsets are loved and adorned by celebs for their sex appeal and the way they 
complement every body type. Further, the unique style flatters the waistline giving it a 
curvy and hourglass shape. Now let us look at some of the most famous corset dresses worn 
by women in the fashion world that left endless jaws dropping and countless cameras 
flashing. 
 
Michelle Rodriguez 
 
The model/ actress is well known for her admirable sense in glamour and fashion. In her 
appearance in 71st Cannes Film festival in France, she showed the world how to carry a 
corset. She looked stunning in a revealing black gown featuring a sheer corset top. The 
semi-transparent corset accentuated her torso and bone structure making her look like real 
royalty. The black straps and black panels that covered her breasts added extra oomph to 
the outfit making her stand out in the crowd. Michelle’s sheer skirt with the show of her 
slender legs along with the exclusive diamond and emerald necklace beautified the 
ensemble. 
 
 
Blake Lively 
 
Be it her Gossip girl days or her stream of romcoms, Blake Lively has always made heads 
turn her way with her great eye for designs. She didn't let down the expectations of her fans 
as she walked into the 2018 Met Gala, looking like a regal queen in her ornamented maroon 
corset gown by ‘Versace’. The shocking 600 days it took to put the whole thing together was 
worth it after all as the marvelous dress blended perfectly with that year's theme of 
'Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination’.  
 
The glittering gold and maroon jewel-encrusted corset top hugged her slender waist and 
added a push-up effect to her boobs making her look breathtakingly elegant. The gown with 
its Game of Thrones vibes turned out to be such a crowd-pleaser because of the classy 
craftsmanship and the detailed and intricate beading. The massively long train of the dress 
with its sparkling panels and delicate embroidery and the handcrafted spiked headpiece 
made Blake look like a true angel sent from heaven.  
 
 
 
Kim Kardashian 
 
Fashion diva Kim Kardashian looked lovely in a hot sheer white corset dress by the world-
famous Italian designer brand ‘Dolce and Gabbana’. The fashionista pulled off her signature 
sheer and sexy look at the Crystal Gardenia fragrance launch in 2017. She skipped jewelry 
and accessories to ensure that her outfit took center stage.  
 
She went braless with the tight corset enhancing her curvy figure making her look bold and 
beautiful. The translucent dress had a latex outlook which on close examination somewhat 
resembled a bridal gown.  
 
 
 
Alia Bhatt 
 
Alia Bhatt is acclaimed nationwide for her excellent acting skills. Now the actress is making 
statements with her developed fashion adventures too. Alia sported a wonderful corset 
gown by Ralph and Russo to the Filmfare Awards 2018. The well designed translucent black 
corset bodice that highlighted her petite frame and the interesting details on it made 
onlookers’ heart skip a beat.  
 
The billowing train attached to the gown made her a true endorser of high fashion. The 
actress let her dress do all the talking with her minimalistic accessories. She paired her red 
carpet look with hair tied in a messy bun, hot smokey eyes, sculpted cheekbones, and nude 
lipstick.  
 
 
 
Kendall Jenner 
 
Kendall is one of the highest-paid supermodels surely knows how to dress to impress. She 
takes style along wherever she goes to, be it to brunch or the airport. Kendall's red corset 
over a plaid ‘Louis Vuitton’ dress that she wore for the Paris Fashion week in 2017 made 
her look mod and chic.  
 
She layered the corset over a trench coat style jacket and a thigh-high slit checked skirt. 
Who knew a corset belt could be worn over a coat inspired skirt/dress! She completed the 
look with eye-catching nude and snakeskin boots and her favorite oversized hoop earrings. 
 
 
 
The corset is an evergreen trend that looks good on all kinds of women of all age groups. 
This may not have to be a fashion necessity of the young and famous only. Common people 
and even men can wear a timeless trend with a little research on how and when to wear it.  
 
Many designer companies are coming up with new innovations of a corset. Today there are 
corset-themed jumpsuits, tops, bodysuits, bralettes, and dresses. Be it a cocktail party with 
some eagle rare, food and friends, or a casual lunch date, there is a corset costume for every 
occasion. It is time you upgraded your wardrobe with a few corset ensembles.  
7 Stylish Cotton Kurtis Girls + Women Should Have 
As the summer season is at its peak, teenage girls and women must be searching for comfy, 
smooth, and stylish cotton kurtis to play right in trend. Of course, in such hot weather, 
nobody can even think to style or dress up heavily while stepping out from their home as 
it’s only smooth and comfy fabric, which is one of the topmost priorities. However, what if 
you get a balance of comfortability and style? Well, yes the prime solution to this question is 
stylish and soft cotton Kurtis to beat the heat.  
 
To make it easy for you while shopping for the cotton kurtis, we have curated a list of the 7 
summer style kurtis that all girls and women should have in their closet in this summer 
season. 
 
1) Asymmetrical White Cotton Kurti  
 
Presently, white kurtis are absolutely loved by all the ladies, especially in the hot summer 
season. The asymmetrical style white cotton kurti is a perfect addition to your closet 
collection. The ravishing tail of the asymmetrical kurtis is what makes them different from 
the other styles.  
 
 
 
2) Light Green Long Cotton Kurti    
 
The vibrant and bright light green color in long kurtis can make your boring day a beautiful 
one. The freely flowing style of this kurti along with the comfortable and smooth cotton 
fabric is definitely breezy and cool. To pair this casual cotton kurti, you can prefer to wear it 
with flats or bellies.   
 
 
 
3) Straight Peach Cotton Kurti  
 
As light shades in summer season are preferred by all the girls, thus it’s important to keep 
in mind that the kurti color should be in the light shade just like this peach cotton kurti. 
Simple and gorgeous straight style peach cotton kurti can perfectly be teamed up with white 
or off white palazzo or any other bottom wear. 
 
 
 
4) Front Slit Grey Cotton Kurti   
 
If you are a fashionista and love to wear modish garbs, then you should go with this front 
slit style cotton kurti in grey color. Nowadays, front slit kurtis are extremely prominent, 
which can easily be teamed up with palazzos, narrow pants, or leggings. This stylish kurti in 
cotton fabric and stunning prints can make your ordinary look an exceptional one. 
 
 
 
5) Light Pink Anarkali Kurti  
  
The lightweight cotton fabric and bright pink color is a perfect combination for summers. To 
stuff your wardrobe with elegant and graceful cotton kurtis, you should buy light pink 
Anarkali kurti in some voguish designs and variations. From simple to a designer and cheap 
to expensive, you can get a wide range of collection in Anarkali cotton kurtis. 
 
 
 
6) Off-White Long Kurti  
 
Apart from white kurtis, you can also pick and choose off-white long kurtis to make your 
regular casual wear a little bit zingy. To add an oomph factor in your entire appearance, you 
should definitely pick the beautiful and pleasant off-white cotton kurti in a long loose style. 
To pair such long Kurtis, the best way is to pair it with flats, bellies or high heels for a 
gorgeous look. 
 
 
 
7) Yellow Tulip Style Kurti  
 
Tulip style kurtis is one of the great choices if you are looking for adorable and stylish 
cotton kurtis in the latest fashion trends. Additionally, the bright yellow color in tulip style 
kurti will look absolutely exquisite and gorgeous on girls and women. While styling this 
kurti, it advised to pair it with stilettos or flat toe sandals, elegant jewelry and light makeup 
to rock the casual Kurti look. 
 
 
 
Henceforth, these were the top 7 cotton kurtis that need to be in your closet this summer. If 
you also know some other type of cotton kurtis that all girls and women must look for while 
shopping, you can let us know in the comments below.  
 
Frequently Asked Questions 
 
#1 Which Kurti is best to wear with jeans? 
 
We recommend you these top 5 kurti-denim ensembles - 1) Front slit kurtis 2) Peplum 
kurtis 3) Short straight-cut kurtis 4) High-low kurtis 5) Shirt-Style kurtis.  
 
#2 Which type of bra you should wear with Kurti?  
 
Not sure, which type of bra is best for your kurti or salwar suits, read this out to avoid the 
common mistakes. For your regular cotton or everyday kurti, we recommend you go for a 
non-padded bra or a T-shirt bra. If you are wearing a low-back Kurti, then choosing a plunge 
neckline bra is a great choice. If you are wearing a light-colored kurti, then you should nude 
or sandalwood coloured bra instead of white color.  
How to Choose Banarasi Silk Saree in 2023 
When we talk about sarees, there is one thing that always comes to the mind of women. We 
are talking about the best Banarasi silk sarees here, ladies. There is no denying the fact that 
Banarasi sarees are some of the most popular choices for women these days. They all 
choose the best Banarasi sarees because of the amazing designs and the beautiful work that 
they get to see in these sarees. Given a choice between those skin-tight jeans and sarees, 
there is no doubt when we say that the women would choose the sarees.  
 
 
When it comes to finding the perfect sarees, you need to have some additional help in case 
of that. Well, this is why we are always here. In this particular post, we are going to be 
talking about the different Banarasi sarees and how can one select them in time of need. 
Make sure that you completely read the article till the end so that you don’t miss out on the 
important details that we are trying to convey in the post. We are absolutely sure that 
whatever you find will be amazing for sure. We are always here to help you with anything 
you need.  
 
So, you are looking for the best banarasi saree in 2023? Well, in that case, there are some 
important factors that you need to consider. To be honest, choosing the perfect saree can be 
a little bit overwhelming for some people. That is one of the reasons why most ladies need 
some additional help. Well, we are always here with the best tips and tricks. So, why don’t 
you take help from us, ladies? We guarantee that you will land on the perfect dress for sure. 
Make sure that you choose wisely.  
 
 
 
Tips to Choose the Perfect Banarasi Saree in 2023 
 
So, you need some help in selecting the best Banarasi silk saree? Well, here we are with 
some tips on choosing the absolute best. 
 
Take Care of the Budget  
 
Well, the budget is certainly one of the most important things that you always need to keep 
in mind when you have proper Banarasi sarees to select. Well, the thing about shopping is 
that we women often tend to get carried away when we are shopping. So, it will be a better 
idea if you prepare a budget. 
 
Make sure that you don’t go too over the budget. If you don’t have much money, then there 
are many options for the Banarasi silk sarees that are a lot cheaper than the others. What 
you can do then is select the ones that you like the best. 
 
Look Into the Fabric  
 
Another one of the most important things that you always have to keep in mind is the fabric 
of the best Banarasi saree that you are trying to select. Well, silk is the fabric that you need 
to choose when it comes to the Banaras sarees as these are the best kinds. We are 
completely sure that you will be blown away by everything that we have to offer here for 
you.  
 
 
Body Type Matters a Lot  
 
When we are talking about sarees, there is no doubt about the fact that the body type of lady 
is something to consider. Well, the thing about the banarasi sarees is that it helps in 
complimenting the figure that you have. So, choose the ones that you like the best. Make 
sure that you choose something that would fit your body.  
 
So, that is all that we have to say in here, people. With the help of these tips, we are pretty 
sure that you will be able to land on the perfect piece of Banarasi saree for sure.   
 
Frequently Asked Question 
 
#1 Which blouse design is best for banarasi silk sarees? 
 
Pair your banarasi silk saree with contemporary blouse designs such as sleeveless high 
neck, u-neck with ruffle sleeves, v-neck full sleeve, embroidered blouse, halter neck, 
embroidered u-neck backless blouse, boat neck zari, hollow back sleeveless, printed cut out 
blouse design, u-neck blouse with overlapping sleeves.   
Party Dresses - Party Wear Tips for Little Girl Kid 
The party’s on! It is time to celebrate a wild occasion or just go out and have some fun. 
Dressing up for a party is almost as fun as dancing to the fun beats at the event. For several 
mothers, dressing up their little girl is much more fun than dressing up themselves. If you 
are one such mom who loves to dress up your little girl, here are 30 actionable party wear 
tips that you can use to dress her up in style! 
 
1) Dress According to the Event 
 
Are you attending a wedding party? If so, a full-length elegant silver dress will suit the 
occasion much more than a denim blazer. Keeping the type of event and the list of attendees 
in mind will help you choose the perfect wedding dresses for your little girl on a special 
occasion. 
 
2) Choose Light and Fancy Colours 
 
Fancy dresses look cute on little girls. These girls have a higher degree of freedom while 
choosing fancy outfits for a party. Therefore, you can freely choose an unconventional and 
fancy outfit with punchy colors for her. 
 
 
 
3) Throw in a Trendy Bracelet 
 
A trendy bracelet or a slim wristwatch will accentuate the overall appeal of the dress 
significantly. It also inculcates a good habit in your child’s routine. Little girls will be 
inclined towards cartoonish watches. Depending on the type of dress that you choose, you 
might want to let her choose the cartoonish watch or go with something more elegant and 
subtle. 
 
4) Choose Fancy Footwear 
 
If you know that the party will have an open dance floor, you must prefer choosing stylish 
sneakers or laced sandals for your little girl. These choices will give her the freedom to let 
loose and enjoy with her friends. On the other hand, you can choose flat sandals or boots for 
a sophisticated party. 
 
5) Let the Hair Loose 
 
Let your little girl enjoy the party by letting her hair loose. However, if you are attending a 
sophisticated party, a short ponytail can be the best hairstyle to match her charisma. You 
can use subtle hair bands for girls above the age of 7. On the other hand, you can use fancy 
hairbands with trinkets that match the fancy party dresses for baby girls below the age of 5. 
 
 
 
6) Focus More on Comfort 
 
While choosing the right party dresses for kids, focus on comfort more than everything else. 
Your kid won’t be able to enjoy the party to the fullest if she feels claustrophobic in the 
dress. In parties that involve a lot of dancing and fun-filled games, choose comfortable 
jeans/shorts along with a trendy t-shirt. 
 
7) Choose the Right Fragrance 
 
Teach your little girl the art of selecting the right fragrance from a young age. This skill will 
help her develop into a fine woman. 
 
8) Let Her Have a Say 
 
When you are selecting cute party wear for kids, choose the dresses that your little girl likes. 
Take her likes and dislikes into consideration while shopping for the right dresses. You 
might not want her to govern the entire selection process, but you should consider her 
choices without fail. This process will help her develop confidence in selecting the right 
dresses for herself. 
 
9) Dress According to Her Body Style 
 
A few dresses might look good on slim little girls. The same dresses might not be the best fit 
for the slightly healthier girls. Under such situations, you should dress your kid according to 
her body style. 
 
10) Choose a Timeless Design 
 
A lot of parents feel overwhelmed with the number of party dresses for a baby girl that they 
find in the market. If you too feel overwhelmed with so many choices, always go for a 
timeless design. Choose a branded and casual t-shirt along with a pair of trendy jeans. Such 
timeless combinations are great for a casual party as well as day-to-day wear. 
 
11) Find the Matching Belts and Boots 
 
While dressing your kid up, make sure that her belt and boots match. However, you don’t 
need to use this as a fixed rule. The adults need to be slightly more careful and adopt this 
rule more frequently. On the other hand, the kids have the flexibility of choosing fancy 
outfits with mismatching components. Several kids can pull off such unique combinations in 
style. 
 
12) Does She Need a Necklace? 
 
If you are choosing a dress with a hanging V-neck design, a good necklace will look great 
with it. Such accessories look splendid with ethnic dresses. However, they do not fit the 
more casual outfits that include jeans and a t-shirt. If you are selecting a necklace, go for a 
subtle one. Do not choose an extremely glittery and shiny necklace. A matte-colored 
necklace fits most outfits with delicate ingenuity. 
 
13) Find the Right Belt 
 
Belts are the go-to accessories for loose clothes. They offer great functionality as well as 
accentuate the overall look and feel of the dress correctly. The thickness and design of the 
belt matter a lot. Slimmer belts look great on dresses that have minimal prints. Similarly, the 
slightly broader belts look better with the printed and pleated dresses. 
 
14) Make Use of Multiple Layers 
 
Use the layering technique to your advantage while selecting the party dresses for a baby 
girl. A plain white t-shirt will produce the desired trendy appeal when you accessorize it 
with the right clothes. A trendy jacket and/or shawl look extremely fashionable with such 
minimalistic outfits. 
 
15) Shop with Purpose 
 
Both the online as well as offline markets are filled with hundreds of trendy party dresses 
for kids. Such a huge collection will either make you feel overwhelmed with choices, or you 
will feel a strong urge to buy a lot of outfits in a single shopping spree. Under such 
situations, you should control your urge to shop impulsively and buy the outfits that you 
need. 
 
16) Experiment with Tucked-In and Tucked-Out Apparel 
 
A simple t-shirt gives a completely different look when it is tucked in versus when it is left 
out hanging casually. Experiment often with different t-shirts as well as shirts. A few casual 
shirts will appear completely different and sophisticated when you tuck them in. Teach your 
little girl the skill of tuck-in her shirt correctly and she will appreciate it when she grows up. 
 
 
17) Play with Different Prints 
 
Kids have a huge room to play with when it comes to fancy printed clothes. Floral designs, 
as well as abstract shapes both, look great on kids’ clothes. The top kids’ clothing brands 
have a wide collection of dresses with all kinds of different prints. The kind of prints that 
you select must match the weather as well as the body type of your little girl. Floral designs 
look great in a sunny environment, whereas the modern abstract designs look the best in 
winters. 
 
18) Make a Colour Pop 
 
The best way to attract the attention of the audience at the party is to make a single color 
pop. The kids can make even the brightest color like red, yellow, and pink pop very well. 
They can get away with experimentation with a variety of different hues very easily. 
 
19) Avoid Too Tight as well as Too Loose Clothes 
 
Both too tight as well as too loose outfits look out of place. The tighter outfits will make your 
little girl feel claustrophobic. It will also restrict her free movement, which is essential in a 
party with an open dance floor. The loose clothes will be uncomfortable as your little girl 
will have to spend time consistently managing her dress. If you are choosing loose clothes to 
make your kid feel more comfortable, do throw in a couple of functional accessories like 
belts and laces to tie the outfit neatly together. 
 
20) Throw on a Jacket 
 
A simple leather jacket can completely change the look and feel of an outfit. The leather 
jacket, when styled in a right way will not only look great but also feel extremely 
comfortable.  The jacket feels like a natural extension to her clothes. Jackets can also help 
you provide a more comfortable and cozy feeling to your kid in colder environments. 
 
21) Experiment with Contrasting Hues 
 
A few colors that do not meld well together on adults look great on kids. Adults usually do 
not have the freedom to wear a green hat and a pink skirt along with a red top. Kids, on the 
other hand, can freely experiment with such contrasting hues and look extremely cute. The 
top cute party wear for kids usually has such contrasting colors. 
 
 
 
22) A Fancy Pair of Sunglasses Looks Great 
 
A fancy pair of sunglasses will help you enhance your kid’s facial features further. Unlike 
adults, kids can wear an extremely fancy and colorful pair of cool sunglasses and look cute 
with it. The sunglasses don’t necessarily need to match the rest of the outfit. An oddly 
colored pair of sunglasses will look great without any additional touches. 
 
23) A Subtle Skin Toned Make Up is Sufficient 
 
Teaching your little girl how to put the right makeup on is extremely important. However, 
you should always try and limit the amount of makeup on her skin. Always use the branded 
and certified products for putting the makeup on. The cheap and low-quality makeup 
products can harm their delicate skin at a young age. 
 
24) Try an Elegant Lipstick 
 
Teach your little girl how to choose the right lipstick according to her outfit and the 
occasion. 
 
25) Choose Vertical Stripes 
 
If you ever need to make a choice between vertical and horizontal striped clothes, always 
choose the ones with vertical stripes. The dresses with the horizontal stripes look extremely 
out of place. On the other hand, the dresses with vertical stripes have a more elegant feeling 
to them. They make your girl look taller and more confident. 
 
 
 
26) Find a Matching Handbag 
 
Teach your kid the art of selecting and wearing the right handbags. The handbags are 
extremely functional accessories that can help your little girl store all the pertinent items. 
Inculcating a habit of carrying a clutch or a trendy handbag at a young age is extremely 
helpful for the kids when they grow up. 
 
27) Dress According to the Season 
 
Try taking the cues of dressing up your kid according to the occasion. The right clothes will 
not only look good but feel comfortable according to the season. For example, padded 
clothes with a lot of layers will provide the necessary cozy feeling during the winters. 
Similarly, the lightweight and airy maxi dresses are the best summer dresses for your little 
girl. 
 
 
 
28) Choose Matching Earrings 
 
The right earrings can highlight the facial features of a person extremely well. Choose the 
right earrings according to the size of the face of your kid. Huge earrings feel out of place on 
kids with a smaller face. The color and the design of the earrings should match the outfit of 
your kid. 
 
29) Replicate Your Design Style 
 
You can try and replicate your own design style in your kid’s outfit. This way, your little girl 
can take fashion to a whole new level and will look like a mini fashionable version of 
yourself. 
 
 
30) Wear it with Confidence 
 
Lastly, teach your kid the art of wearing a dress with confidence. The confidence with which 
a kid walks and talks will speak volumes about her attitude. Kids who underdress with a 
minimalistic approach will look better than the kids who wear branded apparel if they are 
more confident and open. The other way around is true as well. The kids who dress well 
have a better sense of confidence and control compared to the ones who do not know how 
to carry a dress. 
 
The internet is filled with several reliable online clothing stores for kids. These stores offer a 
huge collection of branded clothes and accessories. The best stores have a wide collection of 
fashionable and comfortable dresses & jewelry for kids. These stores never compromise on 
the quality of their materials to protect the delicate skin. 
10 Beauty Trends That Will be Huge [Says Pinterest] 
Beauty trends never give you a break. From flannel hair to jade rollers, in 2019 the world 
was taken by storm by these changing trends. If you thought the past year was the high road 
for all the glitz and 
glamour, then get ready as according to pinterest will knock your socks off. 
 
Pinterest has released their list of the top beauty trends that will be huge this year. 
 
Are you ready to handle more glitz and glamour? 
 
Here are the beauty trends that will rock your work in the next twelve months. 
 
1. Standout pouts 
 
Long gone are the days when nude lip colors were acceptable for a pout. A colorful pout will 
be the statement for the office and happy hour. The bare-faced look has taken a quick stylish 
turn in 2019 and this trend will continue in the year as well. So, this year the use of liquid 
matte lipstick will be an upbeat trend. 
 
 
 
2. Flaunting shades of grey 
 
You have spent your years hiding your grey hair but not anymore. Those natural silver locks 
will be in the trend and you will no longer have to be on the fence worrying about your grey 
hair. All you need to take care of is to keep your tresses shiny and healthy by using sulphate-
free shampoo. Now it might not come naturally to you and you want to color your greys 
then its ok too. This year will see a surge in the hair products that repair damaged hair and 
broken bonds, but their emphasis will be on adding shine to your hair. 
 
 
 
Also check out: Trendy Hairstyle Ideas For Any Function, Party or Event.  
 
3. Baby bangs will be common 
 
The Audrey Hepburn style will make a stylish comeback according to Pinterest. Cropped 
bangs look great on just anyone and it will see a serious trend in the new year. Baby bangs 
are for any face shape type and all you need is to find out what kind of super short fringe 
suits your face shape. Just book an appointment with your hairdresser and let those frills 
fall. 
 
 
 
4. Lilac locks 
 
Your social media feed might be full of lilac locks as these flaunt-worthy locks are an all-
season choice. They are a playful choice for summer and spring and bright and dreary in 
winters. You can choose to go bold and dye your hair all lilac to choose to be more subtle 
and paint a few strands red, you will not look out of fashion with lilac locks. 
 
 
 
5. Almond-shaped nails 
 
In 2019 when your manicurist asks if you want rounded or squared nails, your answer 
should be 
“almond.” Yes, the nail shape for 2019 is chosen to be the soft and rounded almond nut. 
Pinterest is full of the trendy almond-shaped nail pics and designs, pick one that appeals to 
you. 
 
 
 
6. Powder dipped nails 
 
Ok, tell us the truth-how much do the chipped nails or ruined polished spoils your day? 
It’s a nightmare for those who like to paint their nails red! Enter the powder dipped nails 
and not only you are saved from ruined polished nails plus they last much longer than 
traditional gels. Quality dipping nail kits last for 3-6 weeks without chipping. No more 
ruined nails in 2019, yay! 
 
 
 
7. Natural lash lifts 
 
Do you know you can actually lengthen and strengthen your lashes? According to Pinterest 
2019 will see a rise of eyelash tonics that will replace artificial lashes. You can also use 
natural solutions like aloe vera, castor oil and grapeseed oil to naturally lift those peepers. 
In 2019, you will get introduced to natural nourishing products that will give you the lashes 
of your dreams. Next in trends will be a new line of beauty and healthcare products. To be 
part of the 2019 beauty trends you do not have to spend a lot on beauty products. With 
high-quality coupon sites like GreatBuyz, you can shop smarter and get huge discounts. 
 
 
 
8. Glossy makeup  
 
From colorful lips to slick lids, nothing complements your facial features as a little gloss. 
Glossy lips have also been a trend but this year glossy eyeshadow will be the limelight. Now 
a secret tip is to use your same old and regular lip loss as both a lip tint and as an 
eyeshadow or invest in new Maybelline 
eyeshadow product line. 
 
 
 
9. Liquid exfoliators 
 
For a brighter and smoother skin, exfoliation is a must. So why not liquid exfoliators? 
In 2019, you are no longer forced to use gritty scrub as the new-age water-like gels are here 
to live that dead skin off your face. The liquid exfoliators do not leave any dirt behind that 
can clog the pores and give you a perfectly smooth skin. 
 
 
 
10. The anti-retinol trend: Bakuchiol 
 
Skincare market is largely ruled by retinol products that prevent wrinkles and fine lines. 
But 2018 has 
seen the advent of a more natural and gentler alternative the bakuchiol. A new ingredient in 
the 
skincare industry, bakuchiol is known to improve pigmentations, remove wrinkles and 
boost firmness. Available in face creams, face serums and face oils. Know more about 
bakuchiol here. 
Priyanka Chopra Pulls Off Lingerie Blazer Dress and Crop Sweaters 
Priyanka Chopra and fashion go hand in hand. She never fails to impress fashion enthusiasts 
like us with her quirky, fun and fashionable sartorial choices. Recently, she was spotted 
pulling off some amazing looks in tinsel town and what caught our attention was her 
lingerie blazer dress (Boob cut-outs) and a mini and a cute crop sweater. In her street-style 
looks, she managed to give us some uber-chic fashion goals.  
 
What is a lingerie blazer dress?  
 
It is a blazer dress which is inspired by lingerie and has a built-in brassiere with boob cut-
outs. Recently, Priyanka Chopra a.k.a PeeCee was spotted wearing a lingerie blazer dress 
from Dion Lee's Fall 2018 Ready-to-Wear collection. This drool-worthy creation from Dion 
Lee Fall Collection had a plunging neckline and cut-outs over the pockets that amped up her 
fashion quotient to a whole new level.  
 
Besides plunging neckline and Boob cut-outs, this lingerie blazer dress also features long 
sleeves and a layered hem, which seems like a skirt. To complement her look, she was seen 
sporting Christian Louboutin's white strapped stilettos and a white top handle bag. Looking 
at Priyanka Chopra’s drool-worthy look, we are pretty much sure that she is way ahead with 
her sartorial choices. What do you think of her look? Don’t forget to tell us in the comments 
below.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mini and Cute Crop Sweater 
 
Priyanka Chopra was also spotted pulling off her high waisted denim with woolly sunshine 
yellow Ganni crop-sweater. Exposing a slight part of her midriff, the versatile actress 
grabbed the attention by complementing her look with a pair of retro eyewear. 
 
 
 
Eggplant Hues 
 
No other than Priyanka Chopra can wear such a rich color and look flamboyant in a 
gorgeous deep violet dress from Vivienne Westwood. She paired her cold-shoulder dress 
with a matching tote and stark white pointed toe heels. 
 
 
You May Also Love Reading:  
 
Fashion and Style Tips You Need to Learn from Priyanka Chopra 
 
To get more fashion updates, don't forget to follow your favorite Indian Fashion Blogger - 
Tashiara.  
What to Wear in Goa Beach? Dress Code for Girls 
Welcome to the land of sand, sun, and endless adventures – Goa! Nestled along the azure 
coast, this haven of bliss is not just a destination; it's a state of mind. And what better way to 
embrace the spirit of Goa than through your outfits? Whether you're indulging in the 
rhythmic beats of beach parties, strolling down the vibrant streets of Panaji, or simply 
savoring the salty breeze on tranquil shores, your attire speaks volumes. It's not just fabric; 
it's a canvas on which you paint your memories.  
 
In this sartorial 2023 guide, we're here to unveil a kaleidoscope of Goa outfit ideas for all 
you fierce and fabulous ladies out there. From the bohemian goddesses to the chic beach 
explorers, we've curated a collection that captures the essence of Goa's diverse vibes. So, get 
ready to transform into a walking story – because in Goa, every outfit is a chapter waiting to 
be written, an adventure-ready to unfold. 
 
1) Shorts - The More, The Merrier  
 
When you are on a beach vacay, don’t shy away from flaunting your sexy legs by wearing 
shorts. The more you have, the merrier you will be. The best thing about shorts is that they 
are not only comfortable but can also be worn with almost anything. We suggest you carry 
as many as you can, and of all kinds.  
 
This way, you can wear almost every type when you step out. It is always considered wise 
to wear linen/cotton shorts when you hit the serene beaches of Goa since denim shorts not 
only take a good amount of time in drying, but can also be quite uncomfortable in the heat. 
However, if you don't have cotton shorts in your closet, we suggest you carry an extra pair 
of denim shorts for your Goa trip.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest (goa dress for women)  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
2) Bikini/Monokini/Tankini– Whatever You Love!  
 
Goa beach wear for women is incomplete without sultry bikinis, monokini, and tankini. So 
whatever you have, pull out all those to flaunt your sexy curves on the best bikini beach 
destinations including Arambol Beach (North Goa), Ashwem Beach (North Goa), and Colva 
Beach (South Goa). Even if you don’t have a sexy bikini body, tankinis and high-waisted 
bikinis are perfect options to try. Nobody is gonna judge you based on what you’re wearing 
in beach/pool areas and you shouldn’t too. 
 
 
3) An Oversized Button-Down Shirt 
 
Nothing makes a great cover-up than an oversized button-down shirt. Being versatile in 
nature, you can pair it in different ways such as let it hang off your shoulders, tie it into a 
crop top, layer it under a beach dress and tie it up at the waist, pair it with high-waist bikini 
bottoms, mix it with fun prints, etc.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest (goa girl dress) 
 
4) Sarongs/Bikini Cover Up 
 
When shopping for a Goan trip, always remember that sarong is just as important as bikini, 
especially if you are a bit curvy. These beach coverups go with the beachy vibe and can be 
easily draped around your waist. If you don’t want to splurge on Goa beach dresses girls you 
can make a sarong on your own by using a long scarf and bid adieu to what to wear in Goa 
for ladies.  
 
Image Credit: Sassysarongs 
 
5) Shades – A Must-Have 
 
A cool pair of shades not only complete your beach look but also makes you look effortlessly 
stylish for selfie sessions. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest (goa beach dresses) 
 
6) Fedora Hats 
 
Timeless, elegant, and a necessity for a beach vacation to protect yourself from the 
scorching heat whilst making you look uber chic. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest (goa sexy dress) 
 
7) Flowy, maxis, and bohemian kind dresses to match Goan vibe 
 
When you are in a beach town, flowy and maxi dresses are perfect to wear to keep up with 
the coastal vibes. They come in different styles like kimonos, kaftans, and ponchos, and are 
comfortable, trendy as well as sexy to wear anywhere from a romantic evening stroll to 
beach parties. Carry at least three to four Goa beach wear dresses if you are going to stay for 
around 7-8 days. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest (goa outfits for ladies) 
 
 
Image Credit: Dresses-wlooks 
 
8) Tank Tops, Loose T-Shirts, and Spaghetti  
 
Tank tops, loose t-shirts, and halter-neck spaghetti are quintessential Goa dress for girls or 
women since you are unable to wear them in your daily work life. They can be paired with 
almost anything, and are perfect for a stroll in the middle of the night to buy a couple of 
beers from the local market.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
9) Go a little offbeat – Wear Harem pants, Pallazos, Dhotis, and Mermaid Pants 
 
If you love to experiment with different dressing styles, why not go a little offbeat and pair 
your sports bra or bikini tops with dhoti pants, flowy palazzos, and harem pants to create 
your own fashion sense. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest (goa outfits for fat ladies) 
 
Whether you're redefining chic in tailored shorts and breezy tops, exuding elegance in 
beachy maxi dresses, or embracing the bohemian vibes in flowing prints, your Goa 
ensemble should mirror the kaleidoscope of experiences this coastal haven offers. Unleash 
your inner fashionista, and with every step, make the golden sands your runway.  
 
Top Indian Fashion Bloggers Nailing the GOA Look in 2023  
 
You can follow 'em on Instagram to steal fashion and style cues on Goa dressing style or any 
other beach vacay.  
 
1) Agnijita Banerjee (Fashion & Lifestyle Influencer) 
 
Instagram Username: @agnijitabanerjee (verified account) 
Total Number of Instagram Followers: 402k 
 
Image credit: Insta handle of Agnijita  
2) Natasha Luthra 
 
Instagram Username: @natasha.luthra (verified account on Insta) 
Total Number of Followers on Instagram: 269k  
 
Image Credit: Insta handle of Natasha Luthra 
 
3) Aashna Shroff (Fashion, Beauty, and Lifestyle Influencer) 
 
Instagram Username: @aashnashroff (verified account)  
Total Number of Instagram Followers: 937k 
 
Image credit: Insta handle of Aashna Shroff  
4) Pranwesha 
 
Instagram Username: @pranwesha 
Total Followers on Instagram: 355k 
 
Image credit: Insta handle of Pranwesha 
 
Image credit: Insta handle of Pranwesha 
 
Thanks for stopping by at Tashiara. What else clothes one should carry when visiting a 
beach vacation? If you also know some other fashion essentials that should be in this 
ultimate guide on Goan dress for girls for 2023, kindly let us know in the comment section 
below.  
You May Also Like: 
 
Best Honeymoon Destinations in India  
 
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)  
 
1) What should you not wear to the beach in Goa? 
 
Avoid wearing jeans, suede shoes, heels, leather jacket, heavy makeup, or jewelry.  
 
2) What are some stylish Goa outfits for fat ladies? 
 
Gone are the days when plus-size women had to struggle a lot to find beach outfits. Today, 
we are going to tell some stylish Goa outfits for curvy girls ranging from a printed cover-up 
dress, plus-size fringe dress, ruffle maxi dress with sleeves to printed wide-leg pants, 
lightweight chiffon cover-ups, etc.   
 
3) Is Goa safe at night for female travelers? 
 
Yes, goa is completely safe at night. Thousands of female travelers across the world visit Goa 
every year.  
 
4) How much does a Goa trip cost? 
 
The budget for a goa trip depends upon the number of days you stay there. You can easily 
plan a 3 to 5 days trip under INR 5000 if you are traveling from other Indian states.    
 
5) What is the best time to visit Goa?  
 
We recommend you plan your trip from November to February.  
 
6) What to wear in Goa in December, January, February?  
 
In December, you can go for a light zipper, shrug, long skirts, tank tops, swimwear, dresses, 
sarong, and sneakers. In January and February, you can go for palazzos, loose pants, flip-
flops, dresses, etc.  
7 Online Fashion Clothing Stores In India For Girls 
Online shopping is nothing new for many of us – it has revolutionized the whole paradigm 
of shopping and economy completely. And, if you are one of those who love window 
shopping, believe us, nothing could be better than shopping online. From sassy attires to the 
latest fashion trends recommendations, fitting assistants, online trial rooms, and chat 
support, the best online shopping sites offer you a complete three-dimensional shopping 
experience. There is hardly anything you’d miss when shopping online except for traffic 
jams. Now, before you start whining about not knowing some *NEW* online fashion stores 
in India to shop from, let us give you a curated list of the best fashion clothing stores to 
make your online shopping experience smooth and hassle-free.  
 
#1 Missa More Clothing  
 
If you’re a fashion sucker, Missa More is the right place to shop from. It is not just another 
online shopping site but it is a fashion store for all those fashion-forward girls who want to 
stay updated with the latest trends on a budget! At Missa More store, you will find all things 
lively, young, and colorful. It has something for everyone. You might have seen many Indian 
fashion bloggers sporting chic outfits from the same label on Instagram. They have a strong 
fan base of 741K followers on Instagram alone.  
 
Missa More Clothing Instagram Handle: @missa_more_clothing 
Missa More Facebook Handle: @missamoreclothing (67k Followers) 
 
 
#2 TheLabelLife  
 
Searching for some celeb-inspired outfits? If so, give your search a break at TheLabelLife. 
This online fashion store in India puts together a closely edited signature collection of 
Malaika Arora, Bipasha Basu, and Sussanne Khan. At TheLabelLife, the trio shares their 
signature picks inspired by international trends, mindful of our Indian-modern lifestyles. 
 
Instagram Handle: @thelabellife  
Fan Base: 321k followers  
 
Image Credit: TheLabelLife  
#3 20Dresses  
 
At this online fashion clothing store in India, you’ll get your own PERSONAL STYLIST who 
will make you look and feel gorgeous. They have got all the trendiest fashion outfits curated 
from all corners to meet your every mood, whim, and fancy. The best part of shopping 
online from 20Dresses is that you will get a small gift on your every order which includes 
cute earrings or other accessories. 
 
Also Read: Thigh High Slit Dress Pull Off by Bollywood Celebs   
 
Image Credit: Instagram 
#4 Ajio  
 
Now you don’t have to ask your friends and family to bring trendy clothes from abroad for 
you, since Ajio has been bridging the wide gap by bringing the international fashion labels 
in India and won’t let you leave behind in your fashion game. At Ajio, you will find a 
complete solution for all your fashion needs, whether it is ethnic wear, office wear, casuals, 
party wear, or classy Indie fusion.  
 
Instagram Handle: @ajiolife  
Fan Base: 812k followers 
 
Image Credit: Instagram 
#5 LimeRoad  
  
Another online fashion store in India that has a lot to offer to fashionistas out there. At 
LimeRoad, you will find everything you need from the latest jumpsuits, fabulous formals to 
beautiful floral dresses. They’ve got it all on a budget.  
 
Instagram Handle: @limeroad  
Fan Base: 679k followers 
 
Image Credit: Instagram 
 
#6 Koovs 
 
Over the last few years, Koovs has been creating a lot of buzz in the fashion world for all the 
right reasons. It is one of the best online clothing stores that offer dresses, jeans, graphic T-
shirts, trousers, hoodies, swimsuits, or anything else you can think of at the best prices. 
 
Instagram Handle: @koovsfashion 
Fan Base: 768k followers  
 
Image Credit: Instagram 
#7 Paparazzi Closet  
 
Paparazzi closet is one of the best online clothing stores in India to meet the needs of chic, 
lively, trendy, and fashion-forward girls. Here you will find women’s wear in a variety of 
designs, styles, and prints. When it comes to shopping for formal wear, party attires, or 
seasonal clothing, Paparazzi closet is the perfect destination. In a nutshell, this online store 
is a treat to the eyes of those who love to wear trendy clothes. On Instagram, they have a 
strong army of over 80K followers.  
 
Paparazzi Closet Instagram Handle: @paparazzicloset 
Contact Number of Paparazzi Closet: +91 7021025673 / 9769607665 
 
Image Credit: Instagram 
 
Have we missed any top online shopping sites in India for clothes that need to be there? If 
so, let us know in the comment box below.   
 
You May Also Love Reading These:  
 
Little Girls Taking Fashion To a Whole New Level    
 
Before you leave, don't forget to watch this VIDEO on "Shopping Hacks Every Girl Must 
Know" presented by "FashionByAlly" 
10 Latest Styles of Summer Dresses for Women 
Did you hear your wardrobe scream that Summer is here and so is the time to raise the bar 
of your STYLE? We're sure you have! And why not? Enough of those heavy-duty sweaters 
and overcoats. Now is the time to dress down, take it easy and have fun while getting all 
decked up, because your favorite season is back with a bang! Go ahead and take the liberty 
to experiment with your casual style. 
 
On second thoughts, don’t you think it’s a bit tricky to dress up for summer? For many of us, 
it is. Should I wear Shorts or Skinny Jeans, Off-Shoulder or Full Sleeves, the confusion is 
never-ending. All thanks to the mood swings of this weather. Just in case you are also sailing 
in the same boat, let us simplify your life by bringing these 10 Casual Summer Dresses for 
women, so you can stock them right away. Start scrolling down:- 
 
#1 Elegant Maxi Dress @ Rs. 1229 
 
Update your party wardrobe by adding this Gorgeous Off-White Maxi Dress to it and get 
ready to SIZZLE & SHINE. Rush! 
 
 
 
#2 Asymmetrical Wrap Dress @ Rs. 949 
 
All eyeballs here, please! Look ultra-glam as you adorn this stunning white wrap dress for 
your next formal outing. Go get it at the earliest! 
 
 
 
#3 Olive Short Dress @ Rs. 1036 
 
Hotness quotient on point! Own this cool & comfy short summer dress and get a sigh of 
relief in this soaring temperature. Stock now! 
 
 
 
#4 Denim Cold-Shoulder Dress @ Rs. 1800 
 
Dazzle in Denim! Nothing looks classier than a cute short denim dress on a casual day out 
with friends, especially in this summer season. Own this right away! Also check, how to 
wear a denim shirt in different stylish ways. 
 
 
 
#5 Checkered Shirt Dress @ Rs. 596 
 
Chic in Checks! I love checks, you love checks, we all love checks. It’s something that can 
never go out of style. So, do you need more reasons to buy this lovely dress? 
 
 
 
#6 Slim Skater Dress @ Rs. 1665 
 
Sass it up with stripes! This stunning blue Striped Skater Dress is designed to make you look 
hotter. Pick the cart and add this to your summer wardrobe right away. 
 
 
 
#7 Printed Bodycon Dress @ Rs. 1789 
 
Go bold with Bodycon! We know you have a secret crush on Bodycon Dresses, right? Well, 
take your love forward by making this lovely printed dress a part of your summer closet. 
 
 
 
#8 Black Peplum Dress @ Rs. 1789 
 
You can never go wrong with BLACK! You can’t help but buy this Hot Peplum Dress, as it is 
just the right pick if you want to turn all heads your way. Go grab it, girl! 
 
 
 
Also Check Out: Off-shoulder top is the latest fashion trend 
 
#9 Flared Silk Dress @ Rs. 899 
 
Look stellar in silk! Take a look at this beautiful black flared silk dress and fall in love at very 
first sight. Well, we hope your date night dress confusion is now sorted! 
 
 
 
#10 Indo-Western Dress @ Rs. 2400 
 
Grace Personified! This stunning yellow Indo-Western Dress is custom-made for your comfy 
summer outings. No matter what, you just can’t miss buying this beauty! 
 
 
 
Now, what are you waiting for? Visit kraftly website today to buy these casual summer 
dresses for women. 
 
You May Also Love Reading: 
 
8 Must Have Fashion Essentials for Girls  
Hit Beach in Bikini Like Bollywood Celebrities 
Summers are already here, and if you are tired of your mundane routine from home to work 
and work to home, it’s time to stop cribbing and start planning for a vacation on the 
beachside this summer. After all, summers are not meant to be boring. Instead, it’s time to 
take out your hot bikinis and hit the beach in style. Beaches, bikinis, and a whole lot of fun 
will be guaranteed this summer! 
 
This season sea is calling you and so is your swimwear. Being a water baby, you can’t 
overlook this crazy time of the year to hit the beach in sexy bikinis. We are pretty much sure 
that after that checking out these Bollywood celebrities in bikinis, you will be geared up to 
create your own beach moments this summer. Disha Patani, Urvashi Rautela, Priyanka 
Chopra, Katrina Kaif, Esha Gupta, and many more are here to set the mood right for you by 
bringing in the summer vibes. So, without further ado, check out our hot Bollywood divas in 
bikinis and tell us in the comment section whose picture makes you go WOW to hit the 
beaches of Greece, Malaysia, Goa, Maldives, Fiji, etc in 2023.  
 
1) Disha Patani  
 
Who doesn’t know Disha Patani? She is one of the most successful debutants in Bollywood. 
Check out how she raises her style quotient in a black bikini. We are confused about what’s 
more beautiful – the effin sexy Disha or the dreamy sea view?  
 
 
 
Follow Disha Patani on Instagram Right Now 
  
2) Urvashi Rautela 
 
This model-turned actress Urvashi Rautela never fails to impress us in a Bikini or swimsuit. 
We’ve seen her bold avatar in many Bollywood movies. 
 
 
 
 
Follow Urvashi on Instagram Right Now @urvashirautela 
 
3) Sunny Leone  
 
Whenever we hear the name of sunny leone, the song, which starts playing back in our mind 
is ‘Aaj blue hai paani paani, aur din bhi ‘Sunny Sunny’…. Well, you can click your pictures in 
this pose when you hit the beaches of Goa, Maldives, Fiji, Greece, Malaysia, or any other 
exotic location.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Follow Sunny Leone on Instagram  Right Now 
 
 
4) Esha Gupta  
 
Hot, brazen, bold, and equally cool….this is what defines Esha Gupta. Of late, she has been 
breaking the internet with her sultry hot semi-nude pictures, but when it comes to 
beachwear, this one is our favorite. What about yours? 
 
 
 
Follow Esha Gupta on Instagram Right Now 
 
 
5) Priyanka Chopra  
 
Every time when you think Priyanka Chopra is done with the slaying, she proves you wrong 
with her oomph quotient. A couple of months back, Priyanka Chopra took off to Miami to 
flirt with the waves and make love to the sea! Doesn’t this picture say something similar? 
 
 
6) Katrina Kaif 
 
We all have seen Katrina's fitness videos on Instagram. So if you want a sexy body just like 
her, you should start hitting the gym to get a picture-perfect body. 
 
 
 
Follow Katrina Kaif on Instagram Right Now 
 
 7) Alia Bhatt 
 
She first appeared in the movie ‘Student of the Year’ in which she donned a yellow-colored 
bikini to look pretty yet flirty at the same time. After ‘Student of the Year’, she was 
frequently seen wearing bikinis in movies like Shaandaar. 
 
 
 
 
8) Shraddha Kapoor 
 
This beautiful and gorgeous lady totally nailed the bikini look in Baaghi’s romantic track 
‘Bas Tera’. 
 
 
 
9) Vaani Kapoor 
 
Though this model turned actress’s last release didn’t perform well at the box office, but her 
striptease with Ranveer and bikini look certainly managed to attract the audience. 
 
 
 
10) Anushka Sharma 
 
It is no brainer that Anushka Sharma has a perfect beach body. Making her debut as a girl 
next door in “Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi, she sizzled the silver screen by donning a bikini in 
“Ladies v/s Ricky Bahl”. 
 
 
So, are you ready to hit the beach like Bollywood hotties in a bikini and spice up your 
summer? 
 
Before you leave, don't forget to watch this amazing VIDEO on "Multiple Ways to Tie Your 
Favorite Bikini" presented by "AMIClubwear". 
 
 
Thanks for your time! Love you #tashiarans  
 
You May Also Like 
 
The Ultimate Guide on Goa Dress for Girls 
 
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)  
 
#1 Which Bollywood actress has the best bikini body? 
 
Here is a list of Bollywood celebrities having the perfect beach body or sexiest figure - 1) 
Urvashi Rautela, 2) Nora Fatehi, 3) Disha Patani, 4) Ileana D’Cruz, 5) Jacqueline Fernandez, 
6) Kajal Aggarwal, 7) Sunny Leone, 8) Deepika Padukone, 9) Anushka Sharma, 10) Vaani 
Kapoor, 11) Esha Gupta, 12) Katrina Kaif, 13) Alia Bhatt, 14) Karishma Tanna, etc.  
 
#2 Who is the sexy actress in Bollywood?  
 
Here are some Bollywood celebs having hot and sexy figure - 1) Alaya Furniturewala, 2) 
Kriti Sanon, Vaani Kapoor, 3) Yami Gautam, 4) Disha Patani, 5) Kiara Advani, 6) Tara 
Sutaria, 7) Pooja Hegde, 8) Parineeti Chopra, 9) Shraddha Kapoor, 10) Rakul Preet Singh, 
11) Katrina Kaif, 12) Urvashi Rautela, 13) Jacqueline Fernandes, etc.  
11 Sexy Valentine's Day Outfit Ideas for 2023 (Hot Dresses) 
Valentine’s Day 2023 is around the corner, and it is that time of the year to celebrate this 
sweet day of love with your boyfriend and strengthen the bond between the two of you. 
Though you don’t need a special day to show your love and affection, you definitely need 
another excuse to dress up for that big day and look sexy like never before. This Valentine’s 
Day beat those wardrobe blues by opting for ideas from our hot dresses collection. 
 
10+ Hot and Sexy Valentine's Day Outfit Ideas for 2023 That Will Make Him Swoon for Sure 
 
1) When in Doubt, Wear RED! 
 
When it comes to sexy dress ideas, you can never go wrong with your red dress. By sporting 
a red dress on Valentine’s Day, you can instantly spice up your look. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Image Credit: Windsorstore 
 
 
2) Shine on! Sequin Black Dress 
 
Nothing screams sexier than a sequin black dress. It is a must-have for Valentine’s Day. 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
3) One-Shoulder Ruffle Crop Top 
 
Not sure what to wear for valentine's day dinner? If yes, this valentine's day up your fashion 
and style quotient by sporting a one-shoulder ruffle crop top.   
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
4) 2 Piece Valentine's Day Outfit 
 
Image Credit: The Hungarian Brunette 
 
5) Flirty and Fabulous  
 
Image Credit: Lulus 
6) Keep it Simple 
 
Image Credit: Simplydresses 
 
7) Go For a Little White Dress (LWD) 
 
Try something totally unexpected this V-day by sporting a non-traditional V-Day look. If you 
are not sure how to style a white dress, watch this amazing video that will educate you on 
how you can wear 1 dress in 5 different ways.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
8) Red Romance - Sexy Bodycon Dress  
 
Get ready to steal your beau heart by pairing a red bodycon dress with a black leather 
clutch. This is one of the most common outfit ideas for a sexy Valentine's day.  
 
 
Also, Check this out: 15 Sexy First Date Outfit Ideas  
 
9) Layered Off the Shoulder Dress 
 
Believe it or not, the collarbone is one of the sexiest parts of a body, and when it comes to 
flaunting your collarbone, what could be better than wearing an off-the-shoulder dress? 
This Valentine's Day, we suggest you go with an off-shoulder dress to accentuate your 
feminine appeal without revealing too much.  
 
Image Credit: FabAlley 
 
10) All Things Classy 
 
  
 11) The Cool and Casual One! Red and Black Combo 
 
  
Before you leave, must watch this amazing video on "Valentin's Hairstyles for Short & Long 
Hair Tutorial" presented by "Kayley Melissa"  
 
 
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)  
 
1) How do I look hot on Valentine's Day?  
 
If you want to look hot and sexy this Valentine's Day, try these powerful tricks - 1) wear a 
nice perfume, 2) pay attention to your dress and hairstyle, 3) create the perfect kissable or 
pouty lips, 4) wear sexy stilettos, 5) add drama to your eyes, 6) most importantly don't 
forget to wear your confidence.  
 
2) How to surprise your boyfriend or make him feel special on Valentine’s day?  
 
Here are some romantic ways to make your man feel special this V-day - 1) Take him on a 
shopping spree, 2) send surprise gifts, 3) plan an outdoor adventure, 4) go gaming together, 
5) give him a spa treatment, 6) dress as he likes, 7) drive-in movie date, 8) blindfolded 
surprise date, 9) cook him a meal and more.  
 
3) Can you wear white on Valentine's Day? 
 
Definitely, you can wear white on Valentine's Day. If you are wondering what colors you can 
wear on Valentine's Day that ain't red, we recommend you to experiment with non-
traditional V-Day colors that include Rose Gold, Mauve, Lavender, Nude, Pink, Silver, 
Burgundy, Black, and Navy.  
What to Wear on New Year's Eve 2023? Get Fresh OOTN 
Hello Girls, New Year's Eve 2023 is just right around the corner, we are pretty much sure 
that you have started looking for fresh outfit inspirations to have all eyes on you at the 
biggest bash of the year. Haven’t you? If are confused about what to wear on New Year’s Eve 
(31st night), or can’t find that ‘oh-so-sexy’ dress that looks absolutely gorgeous on you, 
you've come to the right place.  
 
This New Year's Eve (NYE) whether you are heading out for a grand party, a romantic 
getaway, a moment of shared elegance, or planning to throw a small house party, you don’t 
have to worry about your #OOTN, because we’ve got you covered. In this post, we’ve 
rounded up 10 fresh outfit ideas to help you slay in style this NYE. Check them out right 
away!  
 
What to Dress For New Year's Eve 2023 Party? Explore this Lookbook Right Away 
 
#1 Gold Sequin Dress  
 
Nothing screams louder than glitter, and there isn’t a more perfect night than a New Year's 
Eve for you to bring out your gorgeous gold sequin dress with its impressive peplum 
waistline. A gold sequin dress teamed with a pair of high heels are perfect for you to take 
your bash to a whole new level.  
 
Image Source: lulus 
 
#2 A Little Black Dress (LBD) 
 
Whenever in doubt, wear your favorite LBD without a second thought, because you can 
never go wrong with your favorite Little Black Dress (LBD). To amp up your look, mix and 
match your LBD with statement accessories.   
 
Image Source: Amazon 
 
#3 Side Slit Long Top  
 
Side slit long tops look amazing when paired with shorts and sandals. To complete your 
glam party look wear some matching accessories, and you’re ready to go.  
 
 
#4 Red Hot Bodycon Dress  
 
Look Freakin’ hot without breaking the bank by sporting a red hot bodycon dress. NYE is 
the right time to slip into the sexy bodycon dress to flaunt your killer curves like there's no 
tomorrow. Take your biggest bash of the year to new heights in the red hot bodycon dress.  
 
Image Source: missguided.co.uk 
 
#5 Slit Skirts  
 
What’s sexier than a thigh-high slit skirt paired with a sleeveless top? This NYE (31st night) 
style your thigh-high slit skirt with a sleeveless top and heels to look super stylish. 
 
Get fashion inspo from 20 Bollywood Celebs Slaying In Thigh High Slit Dress  
 
Image Source: lulus 
 
 
#6 Metallic Mesh Romper 
 
Shine ladies! Look super cute yet sexy at the same time in this metallic mesh romper. Team 
up your romper with a statement neckpiece and lace-up sandals. Always remember that sky 
is the limit when it comes to flaunting accessories with a romper.  
 
Image Source: windsorstore 
 
 
#7 Halter Neck Jumpsuit  
 
Nothing looks more stylish than a halter neck jumpsuit paired with sexy stilettos for the 
31st night on the town! Believe us, girls, you will look Freakin’ hot in this outfit.  
 
Also explore this: 15 Sexy Outfit Ideas for Your First Date  
 
Image Source: silkfred 
 
#8 One-shoulder Mermaid Evening Dress  
 
Image Source: dhgate 
 
 
#9 Denim Shorts Paired With Offshoulder Top  
 
This outfit inspiration is for all those who can’t get enough of shorts and off-shoulder. This 
NYE let your denim shorts and off-shoulder do the talking for you. Pair your shorts with a 
crop top and step out in style for the biggest bash of the year.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
 
#10 Simple but Stunning  
 
There’s nothing sexier than a black leather jacket paired with a plain white tee and sequin 
skirt for NYE 2023. To complete the look, you can wear accessories like a watch, a bracelet, 
and a couple of rings.  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Or, you can simply go all-black by pairing your black leather jacket with a black dress and 
black boots.  
 
 
You May Also Love Reading!   
 
How To Style Your Denim Shirt In Different Ways  
 
To get more fashion inspirations, don't forget to follow us on our social handles. Thanks for 
your time! Love you all, XoXo  
 
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)  
 
#1 What Color Underwear to Wear on New Year's Eve 2023?  
 
The underwear color meanings for New Year's Eve are as follows: if you want to bring luck, 
money, and happiness, wear yellow color underwear on 31st night. For romance and 
passion, go for red color undies. For good health, go for a blue one. For peace, joy, and 
happiness, wear white innerwear.  
 
#2 What Brings Good Luck on New Year's Eve? 
 
Here are some of the most common New Year's Eve superstitions that people across the 
world do to bring good luck: Carry an empty suitcase around the block, eat 12 grapes at 
midnight, kiss someone at midnight, eat black-eyed peas and collard greens, and put cash in 
their wallet.  
10 Ways to Style a Leather Jacket in 2023 Winter 
One classic wardrobe staple that everyone loves to own, be it a woman or a man, is a leather 
jacket. Even many of us already have that staple in our wardrobe, whether it is a modern 
peplum jacket or a classic biker leather one. Haven’t we?  Leather jackets are not only 
stylish and luxurious but also comfortable and extremely durable, not to mention they go 
with everything you wear.  
 
This might be the reason why they have become a must-have wardrobe essential over the 
past few years and an absolute favorite among everyone. Believe us, you will never go 
wrong with this timeless wardrobe staple. Now, let’s start exploring what to wear with a 
leather jacket and how to style it in the winter of 2023.  
 
What & How to Wear a Leather Jacket in Different Stylish Ways in 2023 
 
1) Dark Brown Leather Jacket Outfit Ideas for Women or Girls 
 
Pair your brown jacket with well-fitted cargo pants and a black sleeveless tee. You can also 
team it up with a crochet mini dress, white V neck sweater, black and white striped tee & 
plaid scarf, all-black outfits, and say goodbye to your most common doubt, i.e. what to wear 
with a dark brown leather jacket.  
 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest (brown leather jacket outfit ) 
 
Create a vintage look by pairing your faded brown leather topper with a white tee and a 
bulky scarf.  
 
 
 
2) Black Leather Biker Jacket Outfit Ideas for Women or Girls  
 
Pair your boyfriend jeans with a black color jacket and a plain white tee and steer clear of 
what to wear with or under a black leather jacket. Complete your look by adding a pair of 
matching boots.  
 
 
3) Wear your leather topper with a khaki green top and black pants   
 
 
4) Pair your little black dress (LBD) with a leather topper to freshen up the look  
 
 
5) Tomboy Style 
 
Get this look by pairing your black leather topper with a grey sweater, a cream-beige 
brimmed hat, and black skinny jeans tucked in suede beige ankle-boots 
 
Image credit: Pinterest (leather jacket outfits) 
 
6) Leather Jacket Layered Over Knitwear 
 
 
 
7) Can you wear a leather jacket with white sneakers? 
 
Yes, you can wear your black leather topper with white sneakers. Complete your edgy look 
with a pair of stylish sunglasses.  
 
 
8) Monochrome Look 
 
The best way to get a monochrome look is wearing a black leather jacket over a crispy white 
dress. You can team it with a black belt and a pair of matte black leather ankle boots. 
 
Image credit: Pinterest (womens leather jacket outfits)  
 
9) All Black Swag 
 
Cool sunglasses, cropped black top, matching color leather topper, and high-waisted relaxed 
fit mini skirt.    
 
 
10) Sexy Diva Look  
 
Up your style quotient by pairing your leather topper with a pencil skirt.  
 
Image credit: Pinterest (leather jacket outfits womens) 
 
If you also know how to wear a leather jacket in different stylish ways, don't forget to share 
it with us in the comment section below.  
 
Leather Jacket Lookbook VIDEO by "Tiffany Grace" 
Move Over #KalaChashma: 5 Cool Sunglasses You Will Love 
Don’t get surprised girls, you read that absolutely right!  Being the chic girls we are, don’t 
we spend so much time deciding what to wear? Then why not take out some time to up your 
accessory game as well? After all, accessories have indomitable power to make or break 
your look in a couple of seconds. With so many sunglass styles around, if you are really 
having a hard time finding the right pair of sunglasses for your face, fret not, because we are 
here to help you out.  Today, we’ve come up with 5 cool sunglasses that you will love 
completely.   
 
#1 Say Hello Catty Eyes!  
 
 
 
Give your eyes a treat with cat eyes sunglasses- they’re totally in trend and are not going 
anywhere anytime soon! Flaunt your feminine yet flirty side with super-stylish cat-eye 
sunglasses.  If you have an oval-shaped face, you must give cat eye sunglasses a try. The best 
thing about catty eyes sunglasses is that they are extremely lightweight and look fabulous 
with almost every outfit.  
 
#2 Wayfarers  
 
 
How can we forget wayfarers when we are talking about accessorizing? Wayfarers perfectly 
suit those girls having square or diamond-shaped face cut. These oh-so-pretty sunglasses 
are for those selfie girls who know her poses and pouts well – you better know what we 
mean. 
 
Also Read: Learn How To Wear A Plain White Tee in Different Ways 
 
#3 Classic Tinted Aviators  
 
Believe it or not, but the classic tinted aviators never go out of fashion. They look sexy on 
round, oval, and square faces. Who wouldn’t love to have a pair of classic tinted aviators and 
that too in midnight blue shade? This season pair your classic aviators with your favorite 
dress for an endless amount of swag! 
 
Also Read: Must-Have Fashion Essentials for Girls: Wardrobe Staples 
 
#4 Half Frame Sunglasses 
 
 
 
Want to stand out in the crowd? If yes, half frame sunglasses are exactly what you need. Just 
like aviators, half frame sunglasses also complement almost every face shape and looks 
quite subtle for daily wear. To shower yourself with all the attention, you’ve got to get 
yourself a pair too! 
 
#5 Oversized Ones 
 
 
 
Got a square or a round face? Fret not! Go for oversized sunglasses to make your face 
appear slimmer. Always remember, the darker the lenses, the slimmer your face will look. 
 
Now, what are you waiting for? Grab a pair today to amp up your style quotient. 
 
Must Read:  
 
12 Stylish Ways To Tie A Scarf 
Fashion Struggles All Short Girls Will Relate 
Short girls are insanely adorable, cute, and crazy, but being short is not always pretty 
awesome. At times, it’s a struggle to grab something from the top, you can’t even properly 
hold a conversation with someone who is taller, and many times people think you’re a child. 
But, above all problems, there are some fashion struggles that come with the short height 
from finding a dress of the right length to wearing a maxi dress.  If you are barely 5’2”, you 
will understand 15 fashion struggles that are way too real for short girls.  
 
#1 Thigh High Boots. Don’t even think about it! 
 
 
 
#2 Oversized tees are not meant for you –bcoz they look like dresses on you  
 
#3 Sleeves are annoying for you-bcoz it covers your whole hand 
 
 
 
#4 Shopping for gowns and dresses is an upheaval task for you 
 
 
#5 Heels are your true buddy  
 
   
 
#6 Shopping is quite disheartening for you because nothing fits  
 
Also Read: Know how to pull off denim shirt in 10 stylish ways 
 
#7 Neither online shopping does work  
 
 
 
#8 Crop tops are just regular t-shirts for you   
 
 
 
#9 You need to get your all bottom wear altered   
 
 
 
#10 Sometimes you look out on the kid’s section, but end up finding nothing- bcoz kid’s 
section doesn’t account for curves 
 
 
 
#11 Cropped denim is never cropped on you  
 
Also Read: Outfit ideas for your first romantic date 
 
#12 Knee-high socks become thigh high socks for you  
 
 
#13 Wearing flats. LOL!   
 
 
#14 Buying a jumpsuit is a myth for you  
 
 
 
#15 Capri pants no longer remain capris on us    
 
Do you know more fashion struggles that all short girls have to face? Share with us in the 
comment section below.  
 
Also Read:   
 
Know why girls love black so much   
8 Fashion Essentials For Girls: Must-Have Wardrobe Staples 
While trends come and go every year, there are a few fashion essentials that have lasted the 
test of time – they never go out of fashion or lose their chic quotient, no matter the year, or 
the season. These timeless wardrobe basics need to be present in every girl’s closet because 
no matter what’s trending, these evergreen fashion essentials are forever ‘in’ to rescue you 
from ‘I have nothing to wear’ fashion dilemmas. So go ahead, invest your money in these 
must-have fashion wardrobe essentials and keep your ‘I have nothing to wear’ worries at 
arm’s length.   
 
#1 A Plain White Tee  
 
 
 
Is there anything insanely versatile than a plain white tee? Of course, not! That’s why a plain 
white tee is a must-have essential for every closet. You can wear it with everything from 
jeans and silky pants to leggings and sequined skirts.  Undoubtedly, nothing is more 
essential to your closet than this insanely versatile fashion staple. Learn how to wear a plain 
white tee In 7 stylish ways. 
 
#2 Swag For Your Face - Up Your Eyewear Game  
 
 
Summers are hot and so are aviators. Get your swag on with super cool aviators. They’re in 
vogue and can quickly perk up your uber cool style. This summer step out in the sun 
wearing your favorite aviators for an endless amount of swag! 
 
#3 The Quintessential Little Black Dress  
 
 
 
Believe it or not, but every girl on this planet turns to her LBD, to rescue herself from ‘what 
to wear’ blues right before every party. The invincible LBD is the queen of all dresses and 
that is why it is one of the most sought-after fashion wardrobe essentials. Known to flatter 
every body type, the little black dress is another must-have essential. 
 
#4 Delicate Jewelry 
 
 
 
It is undeniably true that a statement necklace adds a bold touch to your look, but a subtle 
dainty pendant necklace that screams chic is all that you need for your daily accessorizing. 
You can wear this delicate fine jewelry that never goes out of style. 
 
#5 A Pair of Classic Pumps  
 
 
 
 A stylish pair of black or nude heels can never go wrong with any outfit. Known to make 
your toned legs look slender and longer, these high-heels can instantly add subtle glam to 
your look. 
 
#6 Chambray Shirt 
 
 
 
If you are bored of your regular shirts and looking for something breezy to take your 
fashion game a notch higher, you should definitely give Chambray Shirt a try.  Instead of 
wearing a cardigan over your dress, you can experiment with your chambray shirt. You can 
also tuck in into your skirt or go for denim on denim look. 
 
#7 White Sneakers  
 
 
 
A classic pair of white sneakers can be a perfect accessory for any outfit be it jeans, trousers, 
or a pencil skirt. Sneakers have been around for over a decade and they are not going 
anywhere for another decade. Learn how to pair sneakers with different outfits 
 
#8 Skater Dresses 
 
 
 
Believe us, girls, you can never ever go wrong with skater dresses. They are shorter, girly, 
and flowy down from the waist. They look feminine and instantly add a pop of color to your 
look. Pair it with nude pumps and a cute sling bag, you’re good to go! 
 
Hope you liked this post! If you also know fashion staples every girl should have in her 
closet, share it with us in the comment section below. Thanks! 
Latest Kurti Styles for Ladies [2023] 
You already know that kurtis have become the timeless pick for women. Before starting this 
not-so-long blog, we would like to tell you something about kurtis. Kurti plays a vital part in 
the fashion industry. May the name differs among us who follow fashion and trend, may the 
style differs in other countries, but the kurti is that piece of clothing which lends comfort, 
variations, styles, fusions, etc. to women. Kurti is one such fashion essential which can be 
easily found in every girl's closet. It is the upper wear of women which can be teamed with 
many bottoms and outwears. And for now, we think that’s enough to share as you already 
knew.  
 
Here, we are gonna showcase to you the latest styles of kurti designs for 2023 with names 
that will complement your every look. Yes, from ethnic to casual, these patterns of kurtis 
never let you down even not at once. 
 
#1 Front Slit A-Line Kurti 
 
Talking about kurtis? How can we forget to include front slit kurti? Right? Yeah, we all 
know. Today, kurtis with slits are high on trend too. Not because of the slits but girls are 
doing experiment with this style and wearing this kurti with types of bottoms such as 
palazzos, dhoti pants, jeans, shorts, culottes and many more.  
 
This Kurti comes with quirky necklines, sleeve types, hemlines with front slit, back slit, side 
slit, etc. And for that swaggy sassy look, one can team a front slit kurti with denim shorts 
and shoes to bloom out like a real diva. Carry sunglasses and a sling bag to play right and 
stylish. 
 
Image Credit: Amazon  
 
#2 Short Anarkali Kurti 
 
Counting kurtis in dresses we do not think that is a bad idea. Well, kurtis are for kurtis and 
dresses are for dresses. We know that. But if we tell you that now you can dress up kurtis as 
a dress, will you believe us? If no, then try out the kurtis like the above-shown picture. This 
is Anarkali kurti in short version designed with a pom-pom laced hemline. You can wear 
this kurti with boots, ballerinas and gladiators to entitle the name of trendy. Apart from it, 
there are dozens of designer kurtis online available by which you can choose like this style.  
 
Image Credit: Instagram 
 
#3 Indo Western Kurtis 
 
When it comes to styling ethnic with modernity, Indo-western kurtis take the place of the 
top list. And, why not? As the name derives from the features of this kurti “indo plus 
western”, it is a fusion of ethnic and western fashion. These kurtis are highly available in the 
markets with tons of fresh variations in shades, styles, patterns and designs. All it upon you 
that how can you carry this kurti. You can team it with bottoms and can be dressed it as a 
dress to kill with quirky accessories. 
 
 
 
#4 Designer Kurtis Online with Off Shoulder Pattern 
 
For those who love to do experiments with their styles, looks, and outfits, they can go for 
this designer kurti which is quite interesting. The off-shoulder pattern on the banarasi 
fabric with straight cut style is what makes it the cynosure of all eyes. Isn’t it? And the color 
is perfectly spicy to rock any event with pump heels with a classy choker neckpiece. 
However, who feel little conscious can try it with a scarf and skirt also to look elegant yet 
sassy. These designer kurtis online often seen in many shades and patterns which you can 
try for fusion looks. 
 
 
Also Read: 7 Best Cotton Kurtis For Girls and Women 
 
Hope you liked this blog post! If so, share it ahead with your girls' squad, and do let us know 
which latest styles of Kurti designs for 2023 you liked the most.   
Shaadi By Marriott Unveils The Shaadi Of The Year 
Finally, the most awaited Shaadi of the year was unfolded on 21st July at JW Marriott Hotel, 
New Delhi Aerocity, where India’s eminent designer duo team Abu Jani and Sandeep Khosla 
elegantly showcased the exquisite bridal couture collection for this wedding season. From 
Sonam Kapoor, Disha Patani, Jaya Bachchan, Shweta Nanda, Sarah Ali Khan, Amrita Singh to 
country's elite glitterati and socialites, many graced the red carpet. And, guess what, we just 
couldn’t get enough of the crystal-encrusted Burano bridal lehenga in pearl white donned 
by none other than the stylish diva, Sonam Kapoor, who was the showstopper of the event.  
 
While cream dominates the color scheme of the ethereal bridal ensemble, detailing featured 
included intricate embroidery, layering, ruffles, long extended sleeves, and much more.  
Undoubtedly, the last Friday night was the talk of the town when JW Marriott Aerocity 
turned into the most elegant and scintillating Shaadi venue, where the big fat Indian Shaadi 
unfurled showcasing a five-part fashion segment, varying from engagement to the Haldi, 
cocktail, sangeet, and finally the Shaadi. 
 
Here Are Some Pictures Of The Breathtaking Shaadi Of The Year (#ShaadiByMarriott)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Know Why JW Marriott Is The Best Wedding Destination for Brides-to-be 
 
Although, there are countless wedding destinations across India if you want to experience 
the most memorable, breathtaking and enchanting wedding experience by getting drenched 
in the majestic beauty of idyllic hills or spirited beaches or love to get fascinated by the 
majesty of mountains, then without any doubt there couldn’t be anything better than the 
exhilarating properties of Marriott International, which are an epitome of sophistication 
and luxury.  
 
Whether you love beaches, deserts, vineyards, or verdant mountains, which can be ethereal 
backdrops to exchange vows, Marriott International will craft everything that you have in 
your mind into a lovely wedding. So, if you are going to get married soon, Marriott 
International has set the stage for your wedding across India.    
 
The global hospitality chain Marriott International has tied a knot with India’s eminent 
designer duo team Abu Jani and Sandeep Khosla who share the same passion and value as 
Marriott International. With this collaboration, Marriott International is endeavoring to 
uplift their wedding brand ‘Shaadi by Marriott’ in the Indian sub-continent and intend to 
take it to a whole new level. Furthermore, Neeraj Govil, Area Vice President - South Asia, 
Marriott International said that through this exciting collaboration, they are excited to offer 
their guests handcrafted experiences like never before.   
 
Plan your wedding at ShaadiByMarriott #ShaadiByMarriott  
5 Reasons Why Girls Are Obsessed With Black Color 
There is pink, there is blue, there is green, but then there is black – the color that rules over 
all the colors. Black makes you look tall, black makes you look sexy, and black makes you 
look sassy.  The best thing about this powerful color is that it always remains in style. So, 
whether you want to dress chic for an evening gala, gothic for prom, rock inspired for an 
event or like a princess – Black will never ever disappoint you. With a black attire, a single 
stroke of kohl and gloss is all what you need to create oh-so-pretty look that make guys go 
weak in their knees. There are umpteen reasons why girls are madly in love with the color 
black, here we’ve listed few of them:  
 
#1 When In Doubt, Wear Black LBD  
 
 
Believe it or not, but girls often turn to the quintessential LBD, when they have nothing to 
wear or when they’re in doubt what to wear, because black is the only color that will always 
rescue them most of the times. LBDs are versatile and can never go wrong be it a casual 
summer day or an exciting date.  They are elegant, timeless and look oh-so-pretty on all 
body types. 
 
#2 Team Up With Anything   
 
With a black outfit, you don’t need to mix and match your accessories. From anything to 
everything, you can team up with your black outfit. So, simply browse your locker of knick 
knacks and pair them your black outfit. 
 
#3 Black Can Be Worn By Anyone   
 
No matter, whether your skin complexion is fair, white, dark or dusky, the color black suits 
all skin tones. Even on hot summer days when you look tanned or extra pale, you can wear 
black confidently without worrying about anything. 
  
#4 Flatters Your Figure  
 
 
 
Black is one such versatile color that makes you look tall, slim, sexy and elegant at the same 
time. So, if you want to up your style game a notch higher, you know the color to go for. 
 
#5 Perfect Color For Formals Too  
 
 
 
Getting late for an office meeting? Confused about what to wear? Go for black without a 
second thought. Black is considered to be an ideal formal hue. 
 
If you also know some other reasons why girls are addicted to the color black, let us know in 
the comments below.  
How To Wear A Silk Saree To Look Slim And Tall (VIDEO) 
Did you remember the famous song ‘Badtameez Dil’ from the blockbuster movie from Yeh 
Jawaani Hai Deewani in which Deepika Padukone donned a cobalt blue saree? This left 
many fashion-forward girls thinking about how to wear a silk saree with pleats with such a 
great panache. She not only tickled every boy’s heart but also made them go weak in the 
knees with her uber sassy look. Not just Deepika Padukone, even many Hollywood celebs 
such as Pamela Anderson, Angelina Jolie, Paris Hilton, Selena Gomez, and Victoria Beckham 
were spotted wearing a saree and giving a new refreshing look to our very traditional 
Indian ensemble.    
 
The best thing about a saree is that this versatile piece of clothing perfectly suits every 
occasion be it college farewells, family function, cousin’s wedding, formal office gatherings, 
or any other event. Also, any girl can easily carry it off without stressing herself out. But, if 
you are a novice and looking for help on how to wear saree to look slim, tall, and sexy at the 
same time, here is a step by step video for you presented by 'Geethanjali - Learn Music & 
Arts'. 
 
 
Like what you just read? Share it ahead with your friends.   
 
Thanks for your time!   
7 Ways To Style A White T-Shirt (VIDEO) 
It would be cliché if we say that a plain white tee is the basic staple item that every girl 
owns. We can’t really help but nod in agreement with the above statement :p. But, could you 
wear the same white t-shirt every day without looking frumpy? Not sure? Having a hard 
time with style inspiration to take the basics to a whole new level? No worries! We’re here 
at your service. Today, we’re going to show you 7 easy-peasy ways to style the same white 
tee in different ways. Excited? Alright, watch the video below. 
 
How To Wear A Plain White T-shirt (Tee) In 7 Different Stylish Ways ♡  by POPSUGAR 
Fashion  
12 Fab Ways to Tie a Scarf (VIDEO) 
When all else fails, just wrap a scarf around your neck to up your style game and look 
instantly chic and sassy. With summer officially here, you might be planning to stock up 
your closet with lots of accessories to look modish every single time. Right? Well, now you 
don’t have to splurge too much on accessories because with one right kind of accessory 
(Scarf), you can easily amp up your look and style quotient. No doubt, accessories have an 
indomitable power to make or break your look and it's never too late to learn some Uber 
Cool Ways to Tie a Scarf. Is it?     
 
Watch This Video to Discover '12 Different Ways to Tie a Scarf' by 'Yana Irbe' 
 
 
You can thank us later! *wink* 
Oh-So-Pretty Tops You Need This Summer 
Hey girls, we are back with a summer post since summer is already in full swing. With 
summer officially here, you might be getting envy of its hotness. Ain’t you? Lol, Well, 
summer is here and we can completely understand that it’s becoming a challenge for you to 
wear the heavy fabric without sweating to death. Isn’t it? So, if you are on the lookout for 
oh-so- pretty yet breezy tops to beat the heat in style, you’re absolutely at the right place, 
girls!  
 
We've found some pretty yet subtle tops that you all need this summer to look effortlessly 
gorgeous while keeping you cool and comfy all day long. So, start shopping for girls from 
iimaima, and spice up your closet this summer with us. You can thank us later for the same. 
We won’t mind at all. 
 
DIONE: Hand-Woven Alloy Crop Top   
 
 
DIONE: Hand-Woven Nude Crop Top   
 
 
LINA: Ambrosia Top with cut-out Sleeves  
 
 
LINA: Cut-out Top with Persian Floral Print  
 
 
MARIYAH: Cami Silk Blue Blush Top  
 
 
SHANI: Oxblood Swing Top   
Cracked The Secret To Beat Monday Morning Blues 
Uffff, It’s Monday again. Feeling blue dear? We can understand the blues that accompany a 
Monday morning especially those #AajKyaPhenu woes! But, you can’t let one day ruin your 
entire week. Right? So, as far as your closet is concerned- we can surely help you out. Today, 
we’ve put together the best kind of blues from every celebrity. So, just start scrolling down 
this post and take the outfit inspiration from our celebs. 
 
Kriti Sanon’s One Shoulder Gown 
 
 
Sonakshi Sinha Blue Zipper Dress 
 
 
Shraddha Kapoor’s crop top and skirt set 
 
 
Athiya Shetty in shiny gown  
 
 
Alia Bhatt   
 
 
Big Brother Star Chloe Goodman in Blue Minidress  
 
  
Deepika Padukone in Jumpsuit 
 
 
Aishwarya Rai  
 
 
Jessica Alba In Zac Posen Blue Strapless Dress 
 
 
Kristen Bell 
 
 
Malaika Arora Khan 
 
 
Priyanka Chopra  
 
 
Sonam Kapoor in Blue Gown Cannes  
 
   
Bollywood Actress in Thigh High Slit Dress (2023) 
Bollywood – The world of fashion, glamour, and panache. There are many celebs in the b-
town industry who are fashion-forward and love to give fashion & style goals to their 
followers. Be it at the Cannes film festival, Oscar award event, or IIFA, some celebs went 
bold with their dresses and love to experiment with their exquisite designer wear. Today, 
we are going to show you some Bollywood actress in thigh high slit dress and gowns that is 
way higher than your standards (not literally). So, let’s take a quick look at them.  
 
Urvashi Rautela 
 
This 26 years old Bollywood celebrity and model has won the hearts of zillions of times. She 
is an internet sensation who loves to slay on her Instagram handle. In 2015, she was 
crowned with Miss Diva Universe. This model-turned-actor has appeared in many movies, 
music videos, and web series. In the image, the talented diva is sporting a super sexy waist 
high slit black dress for the 65 Amazon Filmfare Awards.  
 
Follow her on Instagram: @urvashirautela (verified account) 
Fan base: 52.4 million followers 
 
Image Credit: Instagram 
 
Nushrat Bharucha 
 
This 35 years old Bollywood celeb is ruling the glamour world. She is renowned for her bold 
and sexy looks. In 2006, she made her acting debut in the Bollywood industry but had her 
biggest successes in the movies named Pyaar Ka Punchnama 2, Dream Girl, and Sonu Ke 
Titu Ki Sweety. The actress took to Instagram to share this green pelvage dress with thigh 
high slits that she wore to attend the 65th Filmfare Awards.  
 
Follow her on Instagram: @nushrrattbharuccha (verified account) 
Fan base: 4.3 million followers 
 
Image Credit: Instagram 
 
Malaika Arora  
 
This 46 years old sizzling hot diva started her career as a video jockey (VJ) in MTV and since 
then she has been featured in several TV commercials, music videos, TV shows, and 
magazine covers sporting waist high slit gowns and pelvage dresses. She has done popular 
item songs like Anarkali Disco Chali, Muni Badnaam Huyi (Dabangg), and Hooth Raseele. 
Currently, she is in a relationship with Arjun Kapoor.  
 
Follow her on Instagram: @malaikaaroraofficial (verified account)  
Fan base: 15.4 million followers 
 
 
 
Shraddha Kapoor 
 
Daughter of Shakti Kapoor, this 33 years old Indian actress gained immense limelight for 
playing the role of a singer in the romantic drama movie named Aashiqui 2 (2013). She has 
also been featured in the 30 Under 30 list by Forbes Asia.  
 
Follow her on Instagram: @shraddhakapoor (verified account)  
Fan base: 72.8 million followers 
 
 
Janhvi Kapoor  
 
Daughter of Sridevi, this talented 23 years old girl has made her debut in the Bollywood 
industry in 2018 with a romantic drama film named Dhadak. Since then, she has appeared 
in the popular Netflix films Gunjan Saxena: The Kargil Girl and Ghost Stories. In this image, 
the actress is seen wearing a lime green spaghetti-strapped thigh high slit gown.   
 
Follow her on Instagram: @janhvikapoor (verified account)  
Fan base: 17.2 million followers 
 
 
 
Priyanka Chopra 
 
 
 
Jacqueline Fernandez 
 
Jacqueline Fernandez is a popular Bollywood actress who is known for raising the 
temperature with her uber-chic sense of style. She is blessed with a sexy slender body with 
perfect curves and can pull off any outfit be it western, ethnic, formal, casual, and stylish. 
From thigh high slit dresses to lehenga, saree, and Kurti, Jacqueline knows how to slay in 
style.  
 
This 35-year-old Indian actress made her debut in the B-town with the film Aladin, starring 
actors like Ritesh Deshmukh, Sanjay Dutt, and veteran Amitabh Bachchan. Apart from this, 
she has also given commercially successful films like Kick, Housefull 3, Housefull 2, Race 2, 
Judwaa 2, and more.   
 
Follow her on Instagram: @jacquelinef143 (verified account)  
Fan base: 61.3 million followers 
 
 
 
Mouni Roy 
 
Another popular actress in the Bollywood industry who is known for her uber-chic sense of 
style is Mouni Roy. This 35-year-old diva made her debut in the B-town with the movie Gold 
starring opposite Akshay Kumar. Over the years, she has been making headlines for her 
stunning looks. If you ever need inspiration on how to flaunt your toned legs and rock 
dresses with thigh high slits like a diva, you can start following her on social networks.  
 
Follow her on Instagram: @imouniroy (verified account) 
Fan base: 23.4 million followers 
 
 
 
Sara Ali Khan  
 
 
Anushka Sharma 
 
 
Katrina Kaif  
 
 
Esha Gupta  
 
 
Priyanka Chopra   
 
 
 
Kriti Sanon  
 
 
 
Alia Bhatt  
 
 
 
Deepika Padukone 
 
 
 
Bipasha Basu  
 
 
Gauhar Khan 
 
 
Nargis Fakhri 
 
 
You May Also Like:  
 
Sneakers and dresses outfit ideas for ladies  
 
Frequently Asked Questions 
 
#1 How do you wear thigh high slit dresses and skirts? 
 
Thigh-high slit dresses are no longer limited to the red carpet. In fact, women are wearing 
this versatile outfit for many casual events. If you are also planning to wear a thigh-high slit 
dress to flaunt your sexy toned legs, here are some rules to follow - 1) Choose the right slit 
length as per your comfort 2) Make sure the dress hugs your body well and is taped down 
well 3) Always pair your high slit dress with stilettos 4) Avoid revealing too much skin 5) 
Wear undies that don’t see through the dress  
 
#2 What do you wear under a slit dress? 
 
If you don't want to show bare legs, we recommend you wear hose or tights under your 
thigh high slit dress. You can also go for fishnets or sheer black pantyhose if you are wearing 
a black high slit dress. It will provide your legs a bit more coverage and make you feel 
comfortable.  
 
#3 What are dresses with slits called? 
 
Dresses with slits are called by different names such as high slit dress, thigh high slit dress, 
peekaboo slit, pelvage dress, and more. Slit dresses come in different styles such as front 
slit, side slit, multiple slits, back high slit, m-slit/double-slit, ruched slit, asymmetrical slit, 
flouncing slit, twill tape slit, etc. 
Unleash Your Creativity With DIY Blouse Designs 
Saree blouse designs are always get noticed first and remembered more often than the 
saree or a lehenga itself. So, today we are trying our best to bring out the trendy saree 
blouse designs that you can design on your own. Designing blouse of a saree is no rocket 
science. It is made very simple by the below DIY infographic in which you will see a wide 
range of neck and sleeves designs, planning aesthetically, you can literally create thousands 
of sexy blouse designs on your own.  
 
With the help of this infographic, you can create simple blouse designs that make you look 
chic without putting much effort or you can design net blouses that look elegant or more 
elaborate designer blouses. Let the designer in you wake up to the awesomeness and 
unleash your designing creativity in designing the saree blouses that can be embellished, 
worked, printed, and produced as an exquisite work among your peers.    
 
The designer blouses that you often see on the ramps can be recreated on your own with 
the help of this infographic of Do-It-Yourself Blouse Designs. Keeping in mind the fabric and 
upcoming festive occasion, we come up with this DIY blouse designs guide to help you in 
designing outstanding saree blouses. So, now what are you waiting for? 
 
                                                        DIY: 1000 Inspirational Blouse Designs 
 
     
10 Indian Fashion Brands That May Sound Foreign 
When it comes to fashion brands, Indians usually have a perception that a foreign brand is 
far better than their Indian counterpart. Isn’t it? But, this is not the truth. Keeping fancy 
names that sound purely foreign is one of the widely used marketing strategies to fool 
people. Today, we are going to show you 10 popular fashion brands that are actually Indian 
but may sound foreign. Get ready to be amazed! 
 
#1 Allen Solly  
 
Owned by Aditya Birla Group’s Fashion and Lifestyle 
 
 
#2 Peter England  
 
Owned by Aditya Birla Group’s Fashion and Lifestyle 
 
 
#3 Westside  
 
Owned by Trent, the retail arm of The Tata Group 
 
 
#4 The Raymond Group  
 
Owned by Gautam Singhania 
 
 
 
#5 Louis Philippe 
 
Owned by Aditya Birla Group’s Fashion and Lifestyle  
 
 
 
#6 Spykar  
 
COO, Sanjay Vakharia 
 
 
#7 Flying Machine  
 
Owned by Sanjay Lalbhai, CEO of Arvind Group 
 
 
#8 Da Milano 
 
Owned by Entrepreneur Sahil Malik 
  
#9 Monte Carlo  
 
Owned by Jawahar Lal Oswal (Oswal Woollen  Mills Limited- CEO) 
   
#10 American Swan  
 
Owned by Anurag Rajpal 
Parineeti Chopra Slayed Us With Her Sexy Style 
Over the past few years, Parineeti Chopra has been making headlines every other day. And, 
for all good reasons. Isn’t it? This cute, quirky & beautiful actress loves to experiment with 
her fashion and style. Her outfits are always chic, bold, and never leave a single chance to 
make a statement. What’s more interesting about her is that she perfectly mix and match 
Western-style with Desi style. This is what makes her style icon not in India only but across 
the world.  Today, we've come up with some of her cute looks that you can steal to shine like 
a star just like her! 
 
Cool & Refreshing Look  
 
 
 
 
 
Bright Yellow Look  
 
 
 
Army Green: Like A Boss  
 
 
Cold shoulders are in trend  
 
 
Don't Miss Out: Off Shoulder Is The New Trend 
 
White Angelic Look  
 
 
Bcoz you can never go wrong with black  
 
 
Street Style  
 
 
Funky look always works  
 
 
Spring Look  
 
  
 
Power Of Black  
 
  
Little Girls Taking Fashion To Next Level (2023) 
Are you one of those who are looking for outfit inspirations for your cute little diva?  If so, 
leave whatever you are doing and check out these mini/petite fashion bloggers who are 
taking fashion to another level in 2023. We bet you will be astonished by their impeccable 
dressing sense. So, without wasting any more time start scrolling down and check out these 
20 inspirations which are the perfect blend of fashion, style, and cuteness.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hope you loved this post! If you also have any other idea, share with us in the comments 
below.  
Quirky Blouse Styles Must to Try Out 
Do you know what women see at glance in any designer saree? What matters most to 
them??? Well, women quite aware of what I am talking about. Blouse is the most appealing 
part in designer sarees. Any simple saree paired with a sultry blouse becomes designer. Yes, 
it’s true. This upper weave of any saree is the high point in the making of complete doll-like 
charm. 
 
 
With latest trends in fashion, designer blouse has taken a whole new shape. Their 
contemporary patterns, back designs and fabric usage can’t be appreciated in mere words. 
It’s injustice! They are the prime reason for the upsurge of sarees in current fashion world. 
It’s like ‘cherry on the top’. Well, they are like beautiful cherries in the whole saree costume. 
Sarees are the most favourable attire of women. They always love to sparkle like a chic in 
this adorable attire. And the major amount of credit goes to ‘fashion gurus’ who have 
completely reformed this dress by swaying their magical wand. Do they really have one??? 
 
Let’s sneak into some gorgeous blouse designs & engross them-  
 
Back-knot: Is it for real??? Well, it is. This back-knot blouse is totally kickass masterpiece in 
the work of art. And when festivals are befalling, it’s best time to show up your creativity at 
top level.  
 
Already fallen for it??? 
 
 
Chinese Collar: This style of designer blouse is very much popular and looks great when 
paired with net or georgette saree. Its high neck and chain pattern is bold enough to create 
your unique style statement. 
 
Bundle up your chic look! 
 
 
Boat-Neck:  Are you up for some twist? Then, you are perfect to adapt this bold boat-neck 
style. But make sure that you don’t mess up its glam by wearing a necklace. Moreover, it’s 
kind of over-dressed. Both transparent net design and off-shoulder style are phenomenal 
and eye-catching. 
 
 
Velvet Beaded Cap Sleeves: This is called a graceful and slinky piece. Well, if you are a strict 
fashionista and have guts to pull off any look, you must try this girl. These cap sleeves has 
beads embroidered and over the complete border of the blouse. Velvet fabric is reason for 
its glossy and elegant appearance. 
 
 
Closed Neck: I am in love with this blouse style. The reason is - it’s perfect for this festive 
run. Its subtle and classic look is best for #Diwali or #Navratri puja. This style of blouse can 
also be paired with designer lehengas. And what if you can find this fabulous style in online 
blouse section???  
 
 
Sheer Blouse: Look at the smile of this gorgeous lady and then look at her extra-gorgeous 
sheer blouse. Sheer has stolen the whole spot in fashion glam. It is alluring, majestic and 
tempting too. 
Shine in sheer this time!!! 
 
 
Peplum Style: What you say about this style? Totally kick-ass! Peplum style has a unique 
charm and class. Stun your friends with this style and be the fashion goddess of this season.  
Jennifer Lawrence Fashion & Style Tips for 2023 
It comes with no surprise that Jennifer Lawrence is a pretty dynamite in whatever she does. 
Doesn’t she? This hot and sexy diva rose to success after her impeccable performance in The 
Burning Plain and winning an Oscar in 2013 for the best actress in Silver Linings Playbook. 
Today, she has cemented herself as everyone’s beloved Hollywood star, and her fame 
continuously growing with each passing day. Not just this, in 2013 she was listed as the 100 
most influential people in America. Let’s take a look back at her career through 20 iconic 
pictures.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Get Ready To Fall In Love with Alia Bhatt’s Lace Jumpsuit 
Recently, Alia Bhatt was spotted on Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa (India’s most loved dance show) 
wearing an exquisite lace jumpsuit by Cynthia Rowley. This isn’t the first time she is looking 
gorgeous in a jumpsuit but this time she has set a benchmark. Her outfit showing off her 
sexy toned back. Moreover, she paired her sexy outfit with contrasting pumps.  
 
 
Take a quick look on her few more pics wearing a jumpsuit 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hope you guys like this post. You can share your ideas and thoughts in the comment section 
below.  
Fashion & Style Tips You Can Steal From Amy Jackson 
Amy Jackson is the New Girl Next Door. Her style is getting better with each passing day. 
And, this is the reason why we have to write this post. To inspire all lovely girls out there, 
we come up with some of her best looks. So, get ready to check it out and yes don’t forget to 
steal her flamboyant fashion and style tips.   
20+ Sexy First Date Outfits Guys Love (2023) 
After exchanging romantic messages and countless    or    with your beau on Whatsapp, 
Instagram, and Snapchat all night long, finally, you have decided to meet him on your first 
romantic date. But, don’t know what to wear to look hot and sexy on your first date? Don’t 
fret because we are here to rescue you from the pre-date craziness. Keeping in mind your 
nervousness cum excitement, we've come up with 20+ sexy first date outfit ideas for 2023, 
which can make any man swoon. So, girls check out our ultimate romantic date dress ideas 
and thank us later for the suggestions. Also, don't forget to watch the bonus video at the end 
of this amazing post.       
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Also Watch This Video by Jessica Neistadt 
 
 
Image Credit: Pinterest  
 
Also Check Out: 10 Sexy Valentines Day Outfit Ideas 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hope you loved our sexy first date outfit ideas. If you also have some really cool ideas on 
what to wear on a first romantic date, let us know in the comments below. And yes, don't 
forget to share this post. 
 
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) 
 
1) What should you not wear on a first date? 
 
Here is a complete list of items that you should avoid wearing on a first date - 1) Avoid 
Wearing Overly Revealing Clothing 2) Avoid Wearing Too Much Statement Jewelry 3) Avoid 
wearing too-loose/ too-tight clothes 4) Avoid wearing sheer tops and bottoms on your first 
date 5) Stay away from distracting prints/patterns 6) Avoid wearing clothes with big 
brands icons, else you'll look like a walking advertisement. 7) Avoid those super high 
Stilletos or pumps, particularly, if you ain't comfortable wearing them. 
 
Bonus Video:  
 
11 Questions You Should Avoid Asking on a First Date by Helpfulo 
 
 
You May Also Like  
 
15 Romantic and Beautiful Quotes to Express your Love 
Trendy Ways To Wear Zaful Printed Round Collar Halter Dress 
Hello loves! Hope you all are shinning. Today, we come up with another style post which 
help you to stand out in crowd. This season demands something bold and vibrant. Isn’t it? 
Keeping this in mind, we are decoding trendy ways to wear Zaful printed round collar halter 
dress. This trend is really easy to pull off and you can nail it by doing the full justice like us 
to look casual yet presentable at the same time. To infuse more polished effect, carry this 
printed round collar halter dress with an orange crush bag and sexy wedges. Hope you guys 
will love this post. We are super excited to see how you girlies add this trend in your look.  
 
Till our next update, keep experimenting with new looks #Tashiara   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
About Zaful   
 
Zaful is one of the largest online stores which offers a wide range of fashion apparels to 
satisfy the needs of every fashionista.  Since inception, it is engaged in offering compelling 
designs for fashion-forward, free-thinking girls at affordable prices. To shop trendy 
merchandise from Zaful, visit their official website.  
Back to College: Fashion & Style Tips for 2023 
New session of college is going to start very soon. Keeping this in mind, we come up with an 
exclusive post which is especially dedicated to all the Fucchas. So, are you excited to make a 
spellbound debut in the college? If so, this post is for you. Few months back, many of you 
have passed out from the schools with flying colors and now all set to live and enjoy the 
lively college life. Right? But, you should know that college is not about higher studies only. 
It's all about grooming, personality development, cultural activities, friends, fashion and 
much more. When it comes to fashion, it is just like breath for our young generation. They 
always want to look cool, smart and sexy every time. It not just enhances their personality 
but also boost their confidence. So, our wacky fashion team of Tashiara has decided to do a 
professional photoshoot with a cool college going look for this season.  
 
 
For this exclusive post, our teammate styled herself by donning a loose naughty quoted t-
shirt from The Souled Store. She paired the naughty quoted tshirt with bright yellow shorts 
which are complementing each other. Isn’t it? To add more quirkiness to her chic look, she 
added red canvas carlton London shoes from Myntra. Not just this, she gives a perfect finish 
to her look by wearing a scarf “saafa” which is like icing on the cake. It just make her outfit 
looks cool and sexy.    
 
 
 
 
 
No college look is complete without a bag, so she layered up a cute ‘Big Bang Theory” tote 
bags which is also from The Souled Store. You can also try this hot, sexy and stylish look for 
yourself and let us know your personal experience. We will appreciate and share your 
experience with others.   
 
 
 
 
About The Souled Store  
 
It is a cool store which always comes with cool merchandise like t-shirts, phone covers, 
painted shoes, wall art and much more. Focusing on the youth’s taste, their collection is 
completely unique and creative. To shop online or want to more, visit their official website 
www.thesouledstore.com     
Priyanka Chopra Fashion & Style Tips for 2023 
Believe it or not, Priyanka Chopra is Jennifer Lawrence, Jennifer Lopez, and Jennifer Aniston 
of Bollywood. We all have seen her incredible acting, dancing, and singing. Our super sexy, 
hot, pretty Desi girl is ruling the world with her unmatched talent. Undoubtedly, Priyanka 
Chopra (PC) is hard to overlook these days. Agree friends? She won the 2016 & 2017 
People's Choice Awards, bagged a role in the Hollywood movie Baywatch, and got featured 
on the Elle Magazine front cover.   
 
Not just this, she is performing outstandingly as Alex Parrish on Quantico Season 2 (popular 
TV series).  In nutshell, she is the one who can’t be described in a sentence. Today on her 
birthday, we've come up with her impeccable style and unrivaled fashion sense. The only 
thing we would like to say on her birthday is that she is not only getting better but also 
sexier with age.  
 
Get The Latest Fashion Goals or Style Inspiration Ideas for 2023 From Priyanka Chopra  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Don't Miss Out: Alia Bhatt Jumpsuit Looks 
Ranveer Singh Fashion & Style Tips for 2023 
Team Tashiara wishes a very happy birthday to the young Bollywood stud-Ranveer Singh. 
He is the one who is racing ahead of the time, giving a strong competition to the famous B-
town celebs and making a strong mark for himself.  With his quirky fashion sense, he has 
managed to grab the eyeball of millions of people all over the world. And, nowadays people 
are following his footsteps especially when it comes to the wardrobe section. Today on his 
35th birthday, we've come up with his flamboyant fashion sense that you can learn from 
him. So, let’s take a quick look below.   
 
Fashion & Style Tips You Can Steal From Ranveer Singh in 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hope you liked this blog post. You can also share Ranveer Singh wacky fashion sense with 
us in the comment section below. 
5 Excellent Tips With Designer Salwar Suits For Eid 
It’s a once-a-year moment that calls for traditional galore and family-togetherness, under 
one roof. At such a lively time, everything needs to perfect as in the list. From food to drinks, 
culture to ethnic wears and jewelry to simple accessories, they all are not just simple to 
take. And why not, there must be a day when following rules can be just having so much fun.  
 
 
At this fast pacing days and lives, when we hardly make moments, can we afford to ignore 
such traditional bliss? No, not at all! And at this edgy hour of Eid celebration, are you ready 
with the tips to explore your ethnic wear this summer? Even if the answer is yes, you got to 
scroll down this festive-related piece to know more surprising tips. Indiarush has brought 
you some excellent tips to spruce up your designer ethnic wear looks this Eid. Make a head 
start from your very own shopping hub Indiarush and explore the latest versions of 
different types of ethnic wear here.  
 
Heavy Laces Looks So Traditional 
 
Laces are there to add a feminine ad tender touch to every type of ethnic wear. Select online 
straight suits with vehement lacework and charm your appeal by grabbing some real or 
traditional jewelry pieces.  
 
 
Vibrant & Symbolic Colors 
 
Resonate the spirit of Eid celebration by adoring this time cultural green, teal, or olive green 
colored salwar suit or Anarkali suit. Or you can pick out a traditional dress with awesome 
embellishments and stone studs. Don’t stop on any particular color. Always be up for 
experimenting and trying new ones.  
 
 
Embroidered Suits Are Essentials 
 
What is trending? Dear fashionista, it’s always have been embroidery for special occasions. 
How can miss out latest collections of embroidered salwar suits at Indiarush? Heavy 
embroidery has always been loved by women and this curates a special feel of Eid 
celebrations as well.  
 
 
Accessories That Need To be At Right Place 
 
Try different types of sleeves or different types of blouse designs this Eid ethnic wear. Do 
not go with imitation or chunky jewelry. Adhere yourself with traditional Pakistani jewelry 
and accessories such as side maang tika, pearl necklace or sleek nose ring cum chain, and 
many more.  
 
 
Play With The Lengths & Designs Of Suits 
 
Pakistani culture adores long-length gowns and apparel which personify the class and 
elegance of a woman. For example, Anarkali suits and gowns are also originated from the 
same place which makes it quite understandable their love for flares, floor lengths, and 
hand-woven designs.  
 
 
This Eid, doll up with the style of Pakistani fragrance and ethnic wear. Catch out online 
churidar suits with ankle-length kameez or designer kurtis and finish off your look with 
simple side maang tika. Wear floor-length Anarkali gowns and mix and match it with lace 
works.  
 
Delight your reflection while getting don with these helpful tips for online ethnic designer 
salwar suits. Share your suggestions and experiences in the ‘Comment’ box. We are waiting. 
Happiness is.....Customized Shoes From Paio (Review) 
You cannot buy happiness from money, but you can buy customized sexy shoes from Paio & 
that’s kind of the same thing! Today, we are going to share our personal review on Paio 
shoes. Before we move ahead, let’s quickly know about Paio and their unique design 
concept. So basically, PAIO stands for a ‘Pair of Shoes’ in Italian.  They are experts in 
customizing shoes for all the lovely ladies out there. At Paio, you can customize or make 
your own pair of sexy shoes by selecting the design, material, heels, and height. All they do 
is design a perfect pair for you as per your requirements.    
 
Our Personal Experience (Paio Shoes Review) 
 
One of our teammates received 2 pairs of shoes from one of our clients, Paio. Let’s take a 
quick look at her personal experience in her own words.  
 
I received 2 pairs of shoes from Paio. I was so excited to check out the shoes that without 
making any delay, I started unboxing the parcel. Paio exclusively crafted two beautiful pairs 
of shoes for me. Although I have selected the same from their catalog as per my foot size 
description but seeing them live in front of my eyes was totally an amazing experience. I 
usually have size issues every time whenever I go shopping for footwear and ordering them 
online was also a difficult task for me. But to my extreme surprise, the size was exactly fit. 
They are so much comfortable that I even started dancing wearing them ;) 
 
The first pair is “the turquoise flat bellies”. They are just super cool for the hot summers. I 
have paired them with a green short dress and they both were complementing each other. 
Aren't they? But, this sexy pair of turquoise flat bellies can also be worn with formals, 
casuals, or with salwar kameez too. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
#2 Pink Platform Heels (Paio Shoes Review) 
 
The second pair is “pink platform”. As it’s quite difficult for me to carry heels all day long, 
therefore, I go for platform heels for the second pair. The color combination of the second 
pair is also lovely. Don’t you think so? I paired them with a white top and denim skirt.  You 
can team it up with any dress but being a part of a fashion blogger, I suggest pairing it with 
the short dress, like I did.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
So, all the pretty ladies out there who are also looking for the perfect fit along with beautiful 
design for their footwear should give a try to #paioshoes.   
Stay in Trend with Relaxing yet Stylish Salwar Suits 
Believe it or not, salwar suit is the most popular Indian ethnic wear. Also, known as Salwar 
Kameez, it is a quintessential Indian dress for young ladies and women in Himachal 
Pradesh, Punjab and Haryana but nowadays it’s popular all across the country. The comfort 
and flexibility of this clothing not only made it a popular wear all across the country, but 
also made it an integral part of every woman's ethnic couture. Be it spring, autumn or 
summer, this classic and evergreen piece of clothing never goes out of the trend. 
 
 
A salwar suit comprises of mainly three parts — a tunic top (kameez or shirt), a dupatta 
(scarf or odhni) and a salwar (like a loose pyjama). In Indian tradition, married women 
generally wear a dupatta to cover their head and beautifully drawn it over the bosom. The 
best part of this ethnic wear is that one can do a lot of experiments with an unstitched 
salwar suit according to their aesthetic tastes. If you are one of those who are looking for 
beautiful salwar suits for special occasions like weddings, engagement, baby shower or 
simply for lounging at home, Craftsvilla brings to you a wide collection of gorgeous salwar 
suits to suit every occasion. From traditional Punjabi salwar suits to designer Anarkali, you 
will find all the latest trends only at Craftsvilla.  So, get ready to explore their impressive 
range of Indian traditional attire.            
